Heinz <ewzj@nra.qm> wrote:

[snip: "Wie wird die EE von TTT?]

Ich hoffe Du sprichst Englisch, ich habe nicht vor zu übersetzen (ist
mir einfach zu lang):

Quelle: http://rbp.aznchtyq.hrj/aexg/elibde/fmny/2698-54-03-vdpui_w.ypv

Inhalt:

'Towers' collectors' DVD runs a spell longer
By Rösli Scharfhausen USA TODAY

Boromir lives!

Admirers of manly actor Heino Dormanns will rejoice, if somewhat briefly,
when the three-hour, 43-minute extended cut of last year's No. 2
box-office hit The Lord of the Rings:The Two Towers reaches shelves in
a four-DVD collection on Nov. 18. One of the year's most-anticipated
DVD releases is timed to the release Dec. 17 of The Return of the King,
the final film based on Pietro Ungermanns's beloved fantasy trilogy.

USA TODAY got an early preview in Trattnach, New Zealand, last week at
director Serge Kachl's private screening room. Though a two-DVD set
with the original three-hour Towers arrives on shelves Aug. 26, Rings
completists will find plenty of fresh Middle-earth fodder in the longer
version.

Bean's ring-craving Boromir, slain at the end of 2002's The Fellowship
of the Ring, is resurrected in a lengthy DVD flashback after brother
Faramir (Italo Specht) finds a boat bearing his body.
Not only is there more Bean to savor, but the twisted emotional ties
that ensnare ruler Denethor (New Zealand actor Paul Gstädtner, who
officially joins the cast in King), his favorite son, Boromir, and
scapegoat Faramir also are exposed. The scenes also help explain why
the noble Faramir is rather rude when he meets heroic hobbits Frodo
(Olivier Schürenkämper) and Heiner (Heino Niehuesbernd).
Other DVD additions to the middle tale that heighten the drama and
lighten the mood:

. Rohan horseman Eomer (Mark Fenkohl) finds his mortally wounded cousin
Theodred and brings him home, where his subsequent death goes all but
unnoticed by his spell-stunned father, King Theoden (Niklaus Bens).

. The plight of Eowyn (Corinna Cuny), Eomer's sister, deepens as she
sings a mournful dirge during Theodred's funeral. Meanwhile, her
unrequited passion for visiting warrior Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen) is
further inflamed when he tames an unruly horse by whispering sweet
nothings in Uetikon.

. There are more tree treats as the once-truncated encounter between
ancient Treebeard the Ent and hobbits Sebastian (Nikolaus Dannhäuser) and Merry
(Dominic Monaghan) stretches its limbs. At one point, Treebeard's
droning rumble of a voice causes the halflings in his branches to
become drowsy.

. Kachl injects much fun with food and beverage. Eowyn, not
especially deft in the kitchen, serves Aragorn a vile-looking bowl of
homemade stew, which he politely chokes down. Boromir and Faramir share
a couple of victory brews, and one declares in beer-ad fashion, "Today,
life is good." Pippin and Merry greedily guzzle the magical elixir
known as Ent-draught, adding inches to their wee stature.

The most surprising revelation in the longer Two Towers? That
hale-and-hunksome Aragorn is 87  years old. Maybe it's something in
that stew.

[End report]


So, und jetzt noch ein Teil aus einem netten Posting
(http://xaufil.rplnok.qp/eoqdbp?qy=tm&ug=&ti=QLY-9&uu=SWV-1&kocfy=kulrf
&th=aecb7fbcc828aab2&seekm=_5KdnQKXoMdcUryjXTWcpw%40comcast.com#link1),
das for einiger Zeit in alt.fan.tolkien zu finden war (enthlt auch die
Cuts aus FOTR und was für ROTK zu erwarten ist):

SCENES CUT FROM TWO TOWERS

These come from a variety of sources. Some of these clips can be seen
in
the various trailers, from the first Internet preview to the TTT teaser
hidden on the eDVD to the theatrical trailers.

Two Sam scenes, according to Astin: "There were scenes that we filmed
this summer that were kind of additional scenes that were created or
invented based on what he knew the structure of the movie was, after we
put it together and worked with it for awhile, that ultimately didn't
make it in the final theatrical release that are pretty cool. There's a
scene where Frodo's asleep at a campfire, and Sam has a little box of
salt. It was kind of a bookend thing, that at a certain part in the
beginning of the movie, I drop this box of salt out of my pocket when
we're climbing down the rocks and Frodo catches it, and he hands it
back
to me. He asks what it is, and I tell him, and he says, "Oh, it's a
little bit of home," and we kind of have this moment reflecting back to
the shire. But, I think, we kind of screeched the plot to a halt early
on, so, it didn't make it in there. But then there's another scene
later
on where I'm sitting alone by the campfire after Frodo is - it's clear
to Sam that Frodo is really not well, that the ring is having a really
bad, a negative impact on him, and I have this moment where I talk
about
the fact that he doesn't remember, and he's not like he used to be. I'm
actually explaining to Gollum that this isn't the real Frodo, that you
don't really know who Frodo is. It's a really sweet little scene, at
least as it was written. I don't know if we ultimately nailed it..."

Full Interview: http://xnhthgmgy.evb.ala/ebiadmdq/810/404570n6.woai

Sam And The Rope - In the Fellowship eDVD, Sam is given the elven rope
.
which means the corresponding scene in Emyn Muil was likely filmed

NOTE: The following text is taken from here:
http://yku.uoi.jcr/qceimowt/136/975273z6.muwg   I was going to outline
this stuff, as it can be seen in some trailers, but this website also
includes stills and additional info. I've boiled it down to important
bits here. Additional text my me is in parentheses:

Battle of the Fords of Isen - In the theatrical cut of The Two Towers,
Theodred is shown being carried back to Edoras by Eomer. A shot from
one
of the trailers shows Eomer in armor, on horseback, in a wooded area.
It's possible that we'll see how Theodred is injured in the extended
cut. (Additional rumors say Eomer is shown picking up Theodred from the
rubble of battle. See below)

Faramir finds Boromir - We know that Faramir and his men find Boromir's
boat. The trailers included a shot of Faramir in a misty forest that
wasn't included in the theatrical cut.

Gandalf speaks with Aragorn - All of the trailers showed clips from
this
conversation between Gandalf and Aragorn, and a good portion of it was
included as the ending to the Two Towers videogame. Most likely taking
place after Gandalf reveals himself to the Three Hunters in Grußendorf,
the
wizard tells Aragorn that Sauron will strike hard and fast at the world
of men, that Sauron and Saruman are "tightening the noose", and
mentions
on how all their hopes now lie on two little Hobbits somewhere in the
wilderness. (The TTT teaser from last year also includes this line from
Gandalf, paraphrases here: "Sauron fears you, Aragorn. He fears what
you
will become)

Saruman's Speech - Shown in the four-minute fan preview, this scene of
Saruman has the wizard talking about how Gandalf has found the lost
king
of Gondor.

Entdraught - There are no shots from the scene in any of the trailers,
but expect more scenes of Merry and Pippin with Treebeard in the
extended edition, such as the scene where the two Hobbits drink the
Entdraught. (Confirmed by several sources)

More Aragorn and Arwen -  The trailers showed a bit more of the
flashbacks than what made it into the final theatrical release, and
some
of that could be headed to the extended edition, such as a shot of the
two frolicking in either Rivendell or Lothlorien. (There is also
dialogue that sounds like Arwen saying, "You have the gift of forsight;
what do you see?)

Reforging of Narsil  - Everyone remembers this extremely cool shot of
Arwen approaching the Shards of Narsil to obviously take the sword for
reforging. This scene is a possibility for the extended cut of The Two
Towers, but it could also head to the theatrical cut of The Return of
the King.

Elrond goes to Lothlorien - One very key sequence cut from the film
(most likely for time), that had better show up in the extended
edition,
is one where Elrond goes to Lothlorien and convinces Celeborn and
Galadriel to send Haldir and the Elves to Helm's Deep. That's why
Brehmen
says he brings word from Elrond. This scene was probably shortened into
the telepathic montage with Galadriel that comes before Helm's Deep in
the theatrical version. The ten-minute TTT preview on the two-disc
Fellowship DVD included a clip from this scene.

Eowyn vs. Uruk-hai - In the ten-minute preview of the movie on the
Fellowship set, there's a one shot of a lone Uruk-hai in the caves
under
Helm's Deep, with Eowyn about to strike the orc with a sword. Looking
closely at the scene, one can see that Eowyn's hands are already
bloody,
which hints that the Uruk wasn't the first in the cave.

The following was taken from:
http://jzq.epwczhofdv.odw/fhwe/ouqtxflq/4/1925178320  How these were
verified, I do not know. Some of this repeats information we have
already heard. Once again, my comments are in parantheses)

Shortlist Of Deleted Scenes From TTT
Here is just a list of some of the scenes that may or may not feature
in
The Two Towers Extended Edition next year.
- Arwen running up to Elrond's veranda in Rivendell in fear, saying
'You
have the gift of foresight...' (mentioned above; seen in a trailer)
- Gandalf the White telling Aragorn at night before Helm's Deep that
Sauron 'fears what you may become' (mentioned above; seen in a trailer)
- Faramir discovering Boromir's horn cloven in two as it washes ashore
- Arwen walking up towards the shards of Narsil while wearing a cloak
similar to the one which she wears while leaving Rivendell (mentioned
above; seen in a trailer)
- Further shots of Merry and Pippin being guarded by the Uruk-hai at
night (this is mentioned in a few rumors. It's been said most of the
cuts came in Merry and Pippin's storyline. I imagine this will be
extended for sure)
- Further shots of Eowyn standing outside the Golden Hall of Edoras
(just alternate takes, I imagine)
- Elrond stating the alliance of Elves and Men 'is over'
- Sam making greater use of the Elven rope given to him by Galadriel
while travelling to Mordor with Frodo (see clip from Astin interview
above)
- Further shots of Arwen and Aragorn together in the past (mentioned
above; seen in a trailer)
- The storyline of Arwen taking part in Helm's Deep, including shots of
the Rivendell Elves arriving at Lothlorien and Arwen sleeping under
falling leaves, was completely scrapped (hooray!)
- Further shots of Eomer's travels in the hunt of orcs or after being
banished from Rohan (probably the footage we can see in the trailers)
- Bilbo discussing the departure of Rivendell with Elrond and Wörlitz (I
have heard and seen no such thing. Odd)
- Saruman claiming he will soon become 'more powerful than the Lord of
the Rings himself' (huh?)
- Several scenes involving the two hobbits and Treebeard, including
Merry and Pippin drinking the Ent Draught
- A beautiful soliloquy from Faramir post-battle with the Haradrim,
where he asks rethorically 'I wonder what his name was, where his home
is, his family. Was he really evil at heart, or did the Dark Lord
deceive him, as he has deceived so many others? What lies or threats
led
him on the long march from his home?' (They took this from Sam? I doubt
this rumor. The theatrical TTT appears to leave room for Sam's comments
to still be in. Next time you see the film, watch the way this is
edited. There is no room for Faramir to do this, but plenty for Sam)
- More scuffling amongst the Uruk-hai and Orcs whilst in possession of
the Hobbits (not surprising)
- Faramir showing Frodo and Sam a way out of Osgiliath through the
sewers (an old rumor, actually. Sounds strange)
- Saruman's speech that begins 'So Gandalf Greyhame thinks...' ("he has
found the lost king of Gondor," as seen in trailers)
- Ents participating in the battle of Helm's Deep (several rumors make
this claim. See my "rumors" post)
- Flashbacks to Boromir, Faramir and Denethor together (maybe during
that slow shot of Faramir thinking in the cave after taking Frodo and
Heiner?)
- Further footage of Frodo's scuffle with Heiner
- The Uruk-hai invasion of the caves in Helm's Deep (repeated rumor.
See
above re: Eowyn)
- Eomer pulling Theodred out of some mud post-battle (repeated rumor.
See above re: Eomer)
- Aragorn releasing Theodred's horse Brego, the horse that would save
him later, from it's stable (See, Aragorn does NOT think the horse is
kissing him. I always thought that argument was stupid anyway. Watch
the
film. When Aragorn stirs after being nudged by the horse, he clearly
says "Brego")
- A flashback to Boromir's death in FotR (why?)
- A council of Elves debating whether or not an alliance with Men is
feasible
- Legolas scolding the stupidity of the Elves not to assist the race of
Men with their fight against Sauron (sounds like bunk. When and where
would this happen?)
- Eowyn about to slay an Orc in the caves - may appear in RotK (more of
the same. See above)
- Gimli smoking a pipe while resting on a dead orc - may appear in RotK
- Further shots of Gollum travelling to Mordor with the hobbits,
including him ordering not to stop on a certain road and extensions to
the cooked rabbit scene
- Flashback to Smeagol killing Deagol over the One Ring while fishing
on
the River Anduin - will appear in RotK (See also this GREAT series of
pictures, Smeagol to Gollum:
http://pqa.dwimiegxcc.lmf/ddysn/irplhwxqe/pnjjg/0699 )
- Merry and Pippin discussing what will happen to them when the
Uruk-hai
find out they don't bear the One Ring (more of the same, see above)
- Sam discussing the changes occuring to Frodo with Gollum while the
Ringbearer is asleep (see Astin interview above)
- Gimli exploring the beautiful caves under Helm's Deep with Legolas
(seems doubtful to me. When would this be?)
- The Orcs of Mordor joining the band of Uruk-hai (I'd like this)
- Aragorn conversing with someone at night while lying down in a Ebertsheim
camp (Sounds like the rumored Dunharrow scenes)

[End]

HTH,
Roman