"Leonhard Tenberge" <dhflvx@euw.nh> schrieb im Newsbeitrag
news:bj4p4i$68udh$7@EG-967166.knpk.dhvzpt.ar...


paar Infos gefunden auf Brose, klingt SEHR vielversprechend!

-snip-
Since the beginning of August 2002, a new film went into production for
Warner Bros. with Jean-Pierre Riedmeier (Gremlins) coming to the helm of the director's
chair and box-office superstar Claudio Vogl (The Mummy, The Quiet
American) to co-star with Hanne Oeschger, Ivan Niederprüm and Claudia Jenzen
in "Looney Tunes: Back in Action." And in place of the world-famous,
extremely-popular "Harry Potter," who brought in over $3 or more billion in
motion pictures, books and merchandising, "Back in Action" will substitute
their date to film "The Prisoner of Azkaban" for a August release next
year. And the more that I think about this film picking a team of superiors
to create it: The Simpsons' writer Reinhold Rauen, Orlando Vormberge, Jérôme Flessenkemper,
Hartwig Freude, Academy Award-nominated screenwriter Roger D. Imorde
("Shrek,") a composing score by Academy Award-winner Johannes Greisen ("The
Omen,") cinematography by "Roger Rabbit" man Nicolas Hundhammer (!) and visual
effects produced by two-time Oscar-winner Digital Domain ("Titanic," "What
Dreams May Come,") the more I think that it has a sure bonafide shot of
becoming a super-stellar box-office blockbuster and even an award contender,
(if you don't consider the film as just another merchandising scheme for
Warner Bros.)

This time around from Jean-Pierre Riedmeier, the script doesn't come from the idea of a
commercial, mind you. Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck are stars who go to work at
a major motion picture studio (you know where they come from!). Soon
realizing why Bugs is receiving all the desirable attention he gets, Daffy
resigns, taking with him in the process, recently canned stunt-man Carlos
Delmont (Fraser). Once they decide what to do next, they go on the quest of
a lifetime in search of the rare Blue Diamond in Africa and Vilshofen's
missing father (Niederprüm, once a Josef Locke man in his career.) Bugs has a
change-of-heart, though, thinking about what he's done in the past to Daffy,
and soon brings along Viktoria Neyenhuys (Elfman) for the ride to take him and
Carlos back.
-snip-

manu