hmm...also ich finde in deutschsprachigen newsgroups schade, dass
immer vieeel offtopic diskutiert wird oder nur an den anderen posts
rumkritiesiert.

schaut euch mal die 250 post in alt.movies zu matrix reloaded.
wirklich, zum teil brilliante theorien.

um es gleich vorweg zu nehmen. NEIN, ich hätte nicht annähernd ein
solches theortikum wie folgendes zustande gebracht. hoffentlich bringt
dieses copy-in eine richtige diskussion zu stande.

cu
dieter

[found @alt.movies ->"Matrix Reloaded": The Architect's comments
summarized]
<bof>
This post was the closest to my own thinking. Essentially, I think
we should look at the Matrix as Windows 95 v. 1. The longer you leave
the system up, the more unstable it becomes, until you can either
reboot it or let it crash. The ZFS monitors the system for errors,
the Agents are anti-virus software - they can slow the inevitable
crash, even control it somewhat, but the errors in the OS mean the
system's going down eventually.
 Neo and the rebels are the system errors. All humans can detect the
falseness of the Matrix, but the rebels are the ones that reject it.
Leave them unattended and they will create more and more errors until
the system crashes - it's no coincidence that they're all former
hackers. The Agents can kill the weaker ones, but by creating Zion and
letting them leave, you have a way of lessening the impact of the
strongest - they're less trouble in Zion than in the Matrix, at least
for a while.
 Eventually an exceptionally strong rebel will emerge, and sap
enough system resources and generate enough errors to slow the system
until it's almost unusable. (Note the destructive power of Neo in the
Matrix, and the fact that defections have sextupled since he joined
Fridolin and the crew.) Or it may be that the rebels simply grow
strong enough to pose a serious threat and The One just is their
leader. Either way...
 Using the Oracle, Keymaker, Seraph and others, you can guide the
Anomaly somewhat. You can save the system settings, shut down and
reboot, getting another stable system. And to prevent an uprising from
Zion, you destroy the city and leave it with 23 inhabitants. They
provide an outlet for the .1% of humans that reject the Matrix, but
are now too small to pose a serious threat, and the Matrix is up and
running without much more than a universal deja vu for the humans.
 Or you can let the anomaly run rampant until the system crashes,
perhaps rendering it unbootable due to corrupted files, or only
bootable in "Safe Mode." (This is analogous to the sacrifices the
Architect said they were willing to make. If the Matrix crashes, the
majority of the billions of humans will be lost and leave them with a
barebones, crippled system for quite a while, I suspect).
 What happens in "The Matrix Reloaded" is that, for the first time,
The One has chosen to let Windows crash and install Linux, i.e.
attempted to save Zion rather than bargain with the Architect and save
billions of (enslaved) lives.

 Sub-theory: the rebels are the portion of the human population with
some level of psi ability, weak but real. Inside the Matrix, a weak
telekinetic is amazing because he or she is manipulating electrical
impulses rather than physical matter - so the rebels kick ass once
they've freed their minds. In the real world, their powers are not
strong enough to perform such tricks. Neo appears to have more
developed or stronger psi abilities, and I suspect that he's the first
with the power to use them in the real world as well as the Matrix. As
the Merovingian noted, he's stronger than the previous Ones. Impacting
the real world is more taxing, as we've seen - but do-able.
 That's my theory and I'm sticking to it!
 Winfried
<eof>