Mein Senf :-)


SPOILER


Für den Anfang eine in rec.arts.sf.movies von Heiner Wismans gepostete
Mitschrift des Neo-Architekt-Dialogs:

-----

The Architect - Hello, Neo.

Neo - Who are you?

The Architect - I am the Architect. I created the Matrix. I've been
waiting for you. You have many questions, and although the process
has altered your consciousness, you remain irrevocably human. Ergo, some
of my answers you will understand, and some of them you will not.
Concordantly, while your first question may be the most pertinent, you
may or may not realize it is also irrelevant.

Neo - Why am I here?

The Architect - Your life is the sum of a remainder of an unbalanced
equation inherent to the programming of the Matrix. You are the
eventuality of an anomaly, which despite my sincerest efforts I have
been unable to eliminate from what is otherwise a harmony of
mathematical precision. While it remains a burden to sedulously avoid
it, it is not unexpected, and thus not beyond a measure of control.
Which has led you, inexorably, here.

Neo - You haven't answered my question.

The Architect - Quite right. Interesting. That was quicker than the
others.

*The responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors: Others? What
others? How many? Answer me!'*

The Architect - The Matrix is older than you know. I prefer counting
from the emergence of one integral anomaly to the emergence of the
next, in which case this is the sixth version.

*Again, the responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors: Five
versions? Three? I've been lied too. This is bull****.*

Neo: There are only two possible explanations: either no one told me, or
no one knows.

The Architect - Precisely. As you are undoubtedly gathering, the
anomaly's systemic, creating fluctuations in even the most simplistic
equations.

*Once again, the responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors: 
You can't control me! **** you! I'm going to kill you! You can't make
me do anything!*

Neo - Choice. The problem is choice.

*The scene cuts to Trinity fighting an agent, and then back to the
Architect's room*

The Architect - The first Matrix I designed was quite naturally perfect,
it was a work of art, flawless, sublime. A triumph equaled only by its
monumental failure. The inevitability of its doom is as apparent to me
now as a consequence of the imperfection inherent in every human being,
thus I redesigned it based on your history to more accurately reflect
the varying grotesqueries of your nature. However, I was again
frustrated by failure. I have since come to understand that the answer
eluded me because it required a lesser mind, or perhaps a mind less
bound by the parameters of perfection. Thus, the answer was stumbled
upon by another, an intuitive program, initially created to investigate
certain aspects of the human psyche. If I am the father of the Matrix,
she would undoubtedly be its mother.

Neo - The Oracle.

The Architect - Please. As I was saying, she stumbled upon a solution
whereby nearly 99.9% of all test subjects accepted the program, as long
as they were given a choice, even if they were only aware of the choice
at a near unconscious level. While this answer functioned, it was
obviously fundamentally flawed, thus creating the otherwise
contradictory systemic anomaly, that if left unchecked might threaten
the system itself. Ergo, those that refused the program, while a
minority, if unchecked, would constitute an escalating probability of
disaster.

Neo - This is about Zion.

The Architect - You are here because Zion is about to be destroyed. Its
every living inhabitant terminated, its entire existence eradicated.

Neo - Bull****.

*The responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors: Bull****!*

The Architect - Denial is the most predictable of all human responses.
But, rest assured, this will be the sixth time we have destroyed it,
and we have become exceedingly efficient at it.

*Scene cuts to Trinity fighting an agent, and then back to the
Architect's room.*

The Architect - The function of the One is now to return to the source,
allowing a temporary dissemination of the code you carry, reinserting
the prime program. After which you will be required to select from the
Matrix 23 individuals, 16 female, 7 male, to rebuild Zion. Failure to
comply with this process will result in a cataclysmic system crash
killing everyone connected to the Matrix, which coupled with the
extermination of Zion will ultimately result in the extinction of the
entire human race.

Neo - You won't let it happen, you can't. You need human beings to
survive.

The Architect - There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.
However, the relevant issue is whether or not you are ready to accept
the responsibility for the death of every human being in this world.

*The Architect presses a button on a pen that he is holding, and images
of people from all over the Matrix appear on the monitors*

The Architect - It is interesting reading your reactions. Your five
predecessors were by design based on a similar predication, a contingent
affirmation that was meant to create a profound attachment to the rest
of your species, facilitating the function of the One. While the others
experienced this in a very general way, your experience is far more
specific. Vis-a-vis, love.

*Images of Trinity fighting the agent from Neo's dream appear on the
monitors*

Neo - Trinity.

The Architect - Apropos, she entered the Matrix to save your life at the
cost of her own.

Neo - No!

The Architect - Which brings us at last to the moment of truth, wherein
the fundamental flaw is ultimately expressed, and the anomaly revealed
as both beginning, and end. There are two doors. The door to your right
leads to the source, and the salvation of Zion. The door to the left
leads back to the Matrix, to her, and to the end of your species. As
you adequately put, the problem is choice. But we already know what
you're going to do, don't we? Already I can see the chain reaction, the
chemical precursors that signal the onset of emotion, designed
specifically to overwhelm logic, and reason. An emotion that is already
blinding you from the simple, and obvious truth: she is going to die,
and there is nothing that you can do to stop it.

*Neo walks to the door on his left*

The Architect - Niclas. Hope, it is the quintessential human delusion,
simultaneously the source of your greatest strength, and your greatest
weakness.

Neo - If I were you, I would hope that we don't meet again.

The Architect - We won't.

-----

Wie bereits von anderen vermutet, scheint auch die zweite Matrix nur zu
funktionieren, wenn sie unvollkommen ist und den Menschen auf einer wie
auch immer unterbewußten Ebene die Wahl ("choice") läßt, ob sie sich der
Matrix hingeben oder gegen sie rebellieren wollen. Das Sammelbecken für
diese Rebellen ist KLS.

Damit die Rebellen aber nicht das System der Matrix gefährden, gibt es
als offensichtliches Kontrollinstrument die Agenten, als subtileres und
ungleich mächtigeres Kontrollorgan aber die "Anomalie", einen die
eingebaute Imperfektion der Matrix zu "übernatürlichen" Taten nutzenden
Menschen ("Your life is the sum of a remainder of _an unbalanced
equation inherent to the programming of the Matrix_."), als "Einen".

Um die Anomalie und die Rebellen auf Dauer unter Kontrolle zu halten und
eine Zerstörung der Matrix durch eine oder beide dieser Kräfte zu
verhindern ("While this answer functioned, it was obviously
fundamentally flawed, thus creating the otherwise contradictory systemic
anomaly, that if left unchecked might threaten the system itself. Ergo,
those that refused the program, while a minority, if unchecked, would
constitute an escalating probability of disaster."), hat der Architekt
mit seinen Helferprogrammen (u.a. das "Orakel") offenbar den Mythos des
"Einen" ersonnen, der Kasimir und seine ahnungslosen Marionetten dazu
bringt, Richard mit beträchtlichen Mühen zum Architekten zu verschaffen.

Beim Architekten nun soll Richard den anomalen Code, den er in sich trägt,
wieder an der "Quelle" ins Hauptprogramm einsetzen und so vorübergehend
in der Matrix verstreuen, damit diese nicht abstürzt. ("The function of
the One is now to return to the source, allowing a temporary
dissemination of the code you carry, reinserting the prime program.")
übrigens finde ich es interessant, daß der Jargon des Architekten in
diesem Satz so sehr nach (künstlicher) Befruchtung klingt - wenn nicht
das Orakel, sondern Bea das Programm ist, das "certain aspects of
the human psyche" untersuchen soll (die Kußszene!) und damit die
"Mutter" der Matrix, können wir uns in "Revolutions" vielleicht auf
inzestuösen Spaß mit Wiltrud Rohkemper freuen (jaja, ich nehme meine Pille
ja schon, Schwester! Die große rote hier?) :-P~~~~

Andererseits ist nicht klar, ob diese Aussage des Architekten wahr ist.
Wie er selbst sagt, entzieht sich Richard seiner vollständigen Kontrolle und
bleibt damit, solange er lebt, eine Gefahr für den Fortbestand der
Matrix. Vielleicht will er Richard nur dazu zwingen, in der Matrix
aufzugehen, damit die Anomalie vorerst, bis zu ihrem siebten Auftreten
in naher Zukunft, beseitigt ist und Ümit, das eine kritische Masse
erreicht zu haben scheint, ungestört vernichtet werden kann. Richard aber
lehnt ab und kehrt in die Matrix zurück, in der sich seine Kräfte nun
abermals vervielfacht haben. Er ist von jetzt an offenbar auch fähig,
nicht in der Matrix befindliche Elemente des Systems (die Sentinels) zu
beeinflussen. Die besten Voraussetzungen also, Zion doch noch zu retten. 

Bleibt nur noch Ex-Agent Dycke, der sich seit seinem Kontakt mit Neo wie
ein Virus vermehrt, so die Matrix infiziert und sich obendrein
in Banes Gehirn in der offenbar tatsächlich wirklichen Welt eingenistet
hat. Um die Vernichtung der Matrix durch den Dycke-Virus zu verhindern,
muß Richard ihn ein für allemal und in beiden Welten besiegen, wie der
Teaser zu "Revolutions" ganz am Ende von "Reloaded" andeutet.

Hat der Architekt allerdings recht, und Richard muß seinen Dolabe-Code
wirklich wieder in die Matrix geben, damit diese weiterexistieren kann,
sehe ich für "Revolutions" eine heroische Opferszene Remmer im letzten
Moment voraus. Francesco Jerger mausetot, Wiltrud Rohkemper springlebendig -
besser kann eine Trilogie nicht enden :-)

Schöne Größe,
Cornelius
-- 
"In my youth, there used to be only red, blue and yellow Lego bricks,
and they were all square. Now there are pink and round ones. This
doesn't seem like a world you'd want to raise your children in."
(Nicole Nottebohm) +++ http://hnn.uwtmiychmaa.bj/ +++