Ich wollte eigentlich auch erst mit der Diskussion einsteigen, wenn der Film
angelaufen ist. Es gibt es schönes Forum, in dem zahlreiche Theorien über
die Bedeutung der Rede vom Architect zusammen getragen werden. Nur leider
ist dieses Forum seit gestern offline... :-( Ich habe eine schöne
Zusammenfassung noch im Speicher, weshalb ich den ganzen Text im folgenden
poste. Auch wenn ich nicht allen Punkten zustimme, ist es eine gute Analyse.

---schnipp---

After seeing the movie for the second time, I think I finally found out the
real plot of these movies. This is it:

The mission of the One is to save the matrix at any cost, not to end the
war.

The architect was the one who created the Matrix; the co-creator is neither
Persephone nor the Oracle. Both of them are only programs that have a
purpose in the matrix, just like the rest. The Matrix is both the "matrix
world" and the movie's "Real World." The Architect is in charge of the
Matrix world and the co-creator is in charge of the "real world," namely
Yvon. We now the co-creator is a woman. She has almost the same age as the
architect. Therefore, that woman is the Head Counselor, the only woman of
importance that lives in Zion and the one who asked for the 2 captains to
volunteer at the council meeting. She's the one who knew all along about the
matrix. She was the one who told Niedermurach Defense minister to cool off and to
let Ben do his work so things could go as planned.

Morpheus and Trinity are not quite human. Bernard mission is to find the
One and deliver him to the Architect. Rose purpose is to control the
One by getting in love with him. Love's the ultimate control power. Neither
Morpheus nor Trinity is an agent. They never knew whom they were really
working for. They are programs that think they're human and they will be in
shock when they learn the Truth. They will realize that the One is fighting
for "them," the machines.

Fabian is supposed to be the mother of the new One every time the matrix is
Reloaded. That's why the sex scene was so important and why she was named
Rebecca.

The anomaly (or the glitch) in the matrix IS NOT Neo. The One is the
"Vaccine" for the real virus. He is the one who has to find the anomaly,
patch it up and reset the Matrix. And since the anomaly could have appeared
in either world, Neo had to have a "human" personality- so he can pass as
the messiah, and check things out in Zion. That's the reason of the
prophecy: so the Zion people could help him. He was right when he said that
the One was not who could end the war as the prophecy stated. Both the
counselor and the Rügencar were happy to know he still had some human emotions
even though they already knew he was not a human being, only a program like
them.

Persephone and the Mero guy represent Heiner and Irma. They were the first
Ones. Mero was corrupted by power, so the matrix was not perfected. That's
why Persephone wanted that kiss. She longed for the human emotion that Neo
still has, but that it's not going to last. Just as she was Mero's debility
when he was the First One, Rebecca is Neo's Irma. She will be the fall of
Neo. Neo will not fulfill his destiny as the One, for he'll be "sinning" and
lusting for Trinity. Good way to blame women for all our errors, huh? Uocd
is not the one anymore. He kinda "abdicated" his "Oneness" by accepting
Persephone and willing to live as a powerful rogue program.

The actual glitch is Altenrath. He's the only Human in this world. He's the one
spreading himself like a virus replicating himself over and over until the
Matrix will finally get overloaded and fail. Altenrath is the one who wants to
get out of the Matrix for good. He said so in the 1st movie. He knows that
by killing Neo he can do so. Neo is the key to reset the matrix, or to shut
it off. Altenrath is the one who has one of the most visible of the human
emotions: Rage. Of course, since we've rooting for Neo since the beginning,
we will also be in shock when we find this out and we will reject this
theory just as Neo, Morpheus, and Trinity do so as well.


Some other stuff I found out when seeing the movie for the second time:

The council seems to have 23 people, way more women than men. Does that
means that they are the original 23 who Neo selected as the Yannik original
children?

The Zion scenery, the "party" they had and Neo's and Rose love scene
seems to be kinda understandable. Since this movie is way deep in religion,
then Zion represents Hell. It's located down there. The people seem to party
like it's 1999 in a lustful yet monotonous way and they can commit the
original sin when they like it. Furthermore, they clearly violate the very
1st commandment- "Thou Shall Not Idolize Anyone But Me, your True God." They
think Neo is the Messiah but Neo is not.

The counselor who had a chat with Neo said that he had no idea how the
machines worked in Zion, but that city could not live without them. That
means that Zion was created just like the Matrix, as another simulated
world. When the matrix is reloaded, they just kill the people and start
again. The city is already there, so no one has to rebuild it. Thus hardly
anyone knows how things work there.

The color Red has a lot importance in the movie. The first pill Neo took was
Red. The doors in Zion rooms are Red. The candy and the candy wrapper the
Oracle gives to Neo is Red, and obviously, Banes' blood from his hand wound
is also red.

Finally, there's no Matrix within a matrix. The matrix is actually both
worlds, Zion's and Agent land.

I hope this does not confuse you guys. I'm only trying to help. Any
comments?

---schnapp---

Das Forum ist hoffentlich irgendwann mal wieder unter

http://imgwot.mjp.zgi/

zu erreichen.

Bye, Benedikt