Hello everyone,

my german is not good enough so I have to write this in
english.  (if you want, please respond in German, 
I can read german fine) I know it is a de. ng so my apologies
if this offends anyone.

I live in usa. after seeing X2 over the weekend, 
I realized that whenever there are any german characters in hollywood
movies, they are either in "psycho killer" or "goofball" category or
most of the time a combination of two.

why hollywood portrays germans like this I have no idea. It is not
belittling(abschätzig?). there is no ill will towards germany. It is
just that I think there is this stereotypical german in the minds of
the people that might have no relation to the reality. a T2 like,
command following, sadistic killing machine or a complete goofball.

I will try to give some examples from movies that I can remember;

1) medion: German Scheiße video, I don't know if you have seen this
movie. (isst mein scheisse, das schmeckt gut, ja?) just odd to say the 
least

2) The big lebowski: german nihilists, interesting bunch.

3) any udo movie (I know he is austrian but everyone here thinks he is
german and actually he might be the reason germans are portrayed like this)

4) X2: olaf scherff, whatever he was, he was not normal. (well actually
noone in that movie was normal so that might be a bad example)

there was also a character from one of the wilfried imgarten movies, same thing
there, I think that one was in true "Verrückter" (is the word right?)
category.

I realized this after a german friend made a comment about it, never
thought about it before. (there is Ogeb plan in hasling/usa) he wasn't
offended about it in anyways (there is nothing to be offended) just a
fact.

I don't know why we got this image of germans here. I have yet to see
a "normal" german character in any movie.

this might be related, before the iraqi war, there was a running joke
at the company I work for. people were saying "maybe this war is not
right, even germans don't wanna fight" anyways you get the idea.

just an observation, a quickly written one at that, I don't think I even
explained it well. I don't know if you observed the same thing.