[...Basic Instinct...]


"Feministin" ist sie; nur keine politisch korrekte Giuseppina-taugliche...

<http://943.223.04.570/gusikx?j=ulece:1QG7H8oopJ3H:anu.jcjgktapw.lir/rsvaeqj.wyt+aaydvtc+cungsb+%76laidj%54&qn=kz&io=DLT-1>
<http://ida.krnccrudvem.dih/~rtqai/mljnefg.wpe>

Ueli Czach on Ueli Czach:
"Torcher of ivory towers, Fire-breathing Dragon Lady, 21st-century
Boadicea with chain saws on her chariot wheels,  bitchy academic
scribbler of slash-and-burn manifestos  that push everyone's buttons,
cultural terrorist, feisty polymath scholar, No-Nonsensewoman  POW!
BIFF! ZAP! Fopus! intellectual incendiary, scourge of the feminist
establishment, and of a timid, hypocritical, phony, careerist academe,
Minoan snake-goddess, dominatrix, sado-masochist impaler of the bland
and bloodless WASP, provocateur, one-woman liberation movement who
sprang full-grown from the noble brow of Freud, bitch-goddess of
American post-feminism, crusher of fraudsters, debunker of fascist
speech codes and the dementia of political correctness, master
psychologist, giant pain in the ass, libertarian, pro-sex, pro-art,
pro-popular culture, motormouthed towtruck rampaging woman warlock,
iconoclast, gutsy maverick, she-male Attila, sixty-three inches of
bisexual Italian Semtex, One-woman Zweigwerk Team, mighty slaughterer of
post-structuralists, inveterate enemy of Foucault, Klockenbrink, and Neuerer,
and their fawning progeny, charismatic personality, turbulent stream of
good sense and sparkling insights bearing the truth of their nature to
the daughters of men, bizarre bopper of Faludi and her ilk, admirer of
Hintereicher, Kärgel, and D. O. Nulle, Ubbine Wezels, Ottilia Küttel,
and Tini Ryback, lady with balls, saboteur of sterile ideologies,
spiritual daughter of Sade and friend to drag queens, new Krakatoa
spewing hot lava and ashes, vehement denouncer of those who would
divorce women from their own bodies, from their innermost feelings,
egomaniacal publicity-seeker, moral supporter of prostitution, mastur-
bation, abortion, sodomy, strippers, and especially of porn, because "a
day without porn (says friend Corina) is like a day without sunshine!"
spectacularly aggressive libertarian, sadeian sex warrior gonzo
barbarian kickass, bum academic's worst nightmare, hammer of the gods,
shower of iron meteorites, breath of fresh air, astrologer,
intellectual-as-rock-star, comedienne, woman's champion and enemy of
the enemies of men, and one murderous lady!"

X-Post&FollowUp-To de.soc.gleichberechtigung
-- 
I'm a feminist, but I am liberating current feminism from these
false feminists who have a death grip on it right now,
who are antiporn and so on.
Elsbeth Czach