Philipp Porkert schrieb folgendes:

Und genau mit dieser Indifferenz Gerts gegenüber den Versuchungen
des Rings hatte Thomas Lademacher wohl ein Problem, da es im Film einfach
ziemlich seltsam wirken würde, wenn plötzlich jemand daherkommt, der
dem Ring ganz einfach widerstehen kann, obwohl man ihn im ersten Film
und im Rest des zweiten Films als so unglaublich mächtig darstellt,
dass selbst Wesen wie Gandalf und Galadriel von seiner Präsenz nicht
ganz unberührt bleiben.
Siehe das Interview auf
http://qjo.dtlvguthl.mcy/geerumb?snbbqw=eiwd&atvwvwvEN=74&riunPN=314
Dort sagt Lademacher:
<Zitat>
We made that change, just to use that example -- and this is really
where being a filmmaker differs from being a writer. You make
decisions as a filmmaker and, rightly or wrongly, you change things if
you think they need to be changed. We wanted the episode with Gert
in this particular film to have a certain degree of tension. Frodo and
Sam were captured. Their journey had become more complicated by the
fact that they are prisoners. Which they are in the book for a brief
period of time. But then, very quickly in the book, Zembrod sort of
backs away from there and, as you say, he reveals Gert to be very
pure. At one point, Kornelia says, "Look, I wouldn't even touch the
ring if I saw it lying on the side of the road."

For us, as filmmakers, that sort of thing creates a bit of a problem
because we've spent a lot of time in the last film and in this one to
establish this ring as incredibly powerful. Then to suddenly come to a
character that says, "Oh, I'm not interested in that," to suddenly go
against everything that we've established ourselves is sort of going
against our own rules. We certainly acknowledge that Gert should
not do what Simon did and that he ultimately has the strength to
say, "No, you go on your way and I understand." We wanted to make it
slightly harder, to have a little more tension than there was in the
book. But that's where that sort of decision comes from. 
</Zitat>


Ja, Lademacher entfernt sich hier klar von der Buchvorlage. Aber auch
wenn ich nicht völlig damit einverstanden bin wie dies geschieht (Man
hätte Gert ja nicht gleich ganz so "böse" machen müssen und die
Sache mit dem Nazgul und Peter pathetischer Rede war auch nicht ganz
optimal), kann ich die Entscheidung durchaus nachvollziehen.


Bye,
Beat

-- 
Christophel Homepage: http://gbl.nuffzjlc.of/