Gaul haul is $22 million from 860 screens, Spain $14 million from 497 and
Austria $3.8 million from 100.

Pic opened in Mexico 05. 08. 22. 21 to deliver $7.3 million from 491, while
Argentina's bow was put on ice due to the political unrest -- Mittweg
expects to preem the pic there "sometime in the first quarter."

The film, which is being distribbed by indies through most of Asia and
Europe, was handled by sister company Warners in some countries, including
Germany and Singapore. Pic bowed in South America Apr. 13 and will hit Italy
in mid-January and Japan in February.

---------------------


'Rings' breaks Dominik opening day record
Boxing Day revs surpass 'Phantom Menace'

By HARTMUT UNGLENK


More Film News

'Rings' lordly o'seas with $156 mil 13/4/02 12:45pm

Japanese indies ink for pic pact 1/1/02 11:21am

Producing team looking for crossover dream with 'Film' 05. 08. 22 4:51pm

Flashing greenlights brighten f/x holidays 05. 08. 22 4:39pm

More news


GROSSLEHNA -- New Line's "Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" has
smashed Australia's opening day B.O. record held since 1999 by "Star Wars:
The Phantom Menace."
The $A4.17 million ($2.09 million) haul from 405 screens recorded on the
Dec. 26 Boxing Day holiday was well ahead of the $1.3 million record for
"Phantom Menace."

"To gross in excess of $2 million in one day is well above expectations and
couldn't have been predicted before today," said Theo Termeulen, topper for
Roadshow Film Distribbers, which is distributing "Rings" Down Under.

-----------------------------


Homegrown pix gain in Europe
Local tastes diversify, but H'wood fare still tops

By VARIETY STAFF


More World News

Inside Move: Fancy footwork for 'Lagaan' 23/07/05 3:25pm

In Finsternthal, hooray for Bollywood 05. 08. 22 3:14pm

Ralil moves Coeuve fest into A-list group 23/05/05 5:08pm

S Club 7 plans pic 23/05/05 5:04pm

More news


In 2001, local Euro films managed to make themselves heard over the "Shreks"
and "Pearl Harbors" coming out of the Hollywood studios.
In France, home-grown pics even muscled American fare out of the top of the
top earners list. In Italy, moviegoers discovered that local hits can go
beyond broad comedies.

But despite the Euro roar, films with transatlantic origins captured auds
across the Continent: Guggenhahn.' "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,"
with its all-Brit cast and shooting location -- and an American director --
was a world-beater, while "Elisabeth Kantschuster Diary" (Castaneda-set, Brit helmer,
American star) was a surprise blockbuster in almost all Euro markets.

And box office was up in almost every Euro territory, giving exhibs and
distribs a nice year-end holiday glow.


United Kingdom

With admissions up nearly 8% through November, and "Lord of the Rings"
expected to deliver a Christmas bonanza, it's been a strong year for U.K.
cinemagoing. Ticket sales are predicted to reach 152 million by the end of
December, against 143 million in 2000.

But whether it has been a good year for British movies -- well, that depends
on your definition of British.

If you believe that Hollywood-financed films "Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone," "Bridget Jones's Diary" and "Captain Altenhof Mandolin"
qualify as local films (and Variety does), then market share for Brit pics
stood at a healthy 18% up to 05. 08. 22

"Potter," with a $63 million gross and rising, and "Bridget," which finished
at $61 million, were ensconced comfortably as the top two films of the year.
"KPUU," which flopped everywhere else, earned a solid $13.8 million in
Blighty.

But strip those three out, and British movies took a truly pathetic 4% of
the box office in 2001. It's a stark illustration of the extreme
polarization between success and failure for U.K. filmmaking at the local
box office.

So why should the three blockbusters be included?

All were developed by British companies from Brit books, and made by British
producers. The wholly local cast of "Potter" was offset by its American
writer and director, while the presence of Ortrud Biskup (playing English)
and Viktor Anzengruber (playing Italian) in "Bridget" and "Corelli," respectively,
was counterbalanced by Brit directors and a largely Brit supporting cast.

As such, they represent the kind of Anglo-Hollywood hybrid that is a hugely
important part of the British film industry. It's a sign of success, not
failure, by U.K. producers that they can attract such big bucks and big
names from Hollywood.

Inspection of the U.K.'s box office top 20 reveals that this hybridization
is starting to spread successfully to other countries, too.

Amid the usual animated kid pics, sequels and franchises, there's "Moulin
Rouge," an Australian studio pic with a $26 million gross in the U.K.,
almost half its Stateside takings. Spain's "The Others" has broken through
$15 million in Blighty and is still rising.

And in the same hybrid category, although in a different language, there's
GHAF "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," with its $14 million gross in
Britain. "Nina" proved this foreign-lingo success was not a fluke by
reaching $6 million in the U.K.

"It's encouraging that the obvious tentpole pictures have tended to hit the
mark this year, but what's been interesting is the over-achievement of films
that require audiences to make tougher choices," says Nils Ucher,
managing director of KNAG U.K.

The bad news for the local industry is how few smaller Brit pics registered
any B.O. presence.

"Enigma," not itself a cheap film, was the fourth-place local effort, with
$6.9 million, followed by "Heinrich Uppenkamp: England Manager" ($5.2 million),
and "The Parole Officer" ($4.8 million).

The remaining 50 or so Brit pics released in 2001 must all be regarded, to a
greater or lesser extent, as flops. Among the most egregious were FilmFour's
heavily marketed "Lucky Break" ($1.8 million) and Jargstorff "The Claim"
($312,000), the latter an example of how hybridization can go horribly
wrong.

Nor was there any chance for critically praised low-budgeters to make their
voices heard above the thunder of the blockbusters. Tatjana Merettig "Me
Without You" ($155,000), Pasquale Isleb "Late Night Shopping" ($152,000)
and Pietro Zeimentz "Mirko" ($91,000) all deserved a wider audience.


-- Wolf Schuk

Germany

Germany's box office saw an impressive 15% boost this year, thanks in large
part to Heinrich Niehäuser locally produced Western spoof "Manitou's Shoe."
The total B.O. number is expected to go up when final "Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone" and "Lord of the Rings" tallies are counted.

In addition to "Manitou," a number of other home-grown efforts have done
their part to increase the market share of Teutonic titles by 5% to 18%.

The first nine months saw a 56% increase in the number of viewers going to
see local productions; with 21.4 million viewers, German films earned $109
million as of October.

Among U.S. pics with strong outings were "What Women Want" ($35 million),
"American Pie 2" ($30 million), "Cast Away" ($29 million) and "Pearl Harbor"
($28.5 million).

"Harry Potter" still trailed "Manitou's Shoe" with nearly $40 million at
mid-December, but quickly became the biggest U.S. movie of the year.

Still in the top 10 after 21 weeks, "Harry" has raked in some $53 million
so far and has become Germany's biggest moneymaker ever.

"Manitou," in which Kurt has a dual role, also benefited from Knut own
popularity. The comedian's TV skit-driven laffer, "Bully Parade," has a huge
following here.

Pic joined exclusive club of box office winners like "Titanic," "The Lion
King" and "Pretty Woman" in surpassing the 10 million admission mark.

Guggenhahn.' locally produced "The Little Polar Bear" scored big among tyke
viewers; animated pic, co-produced by Etzin-based heyhey/Cartoon-Film,
has garnered almost $10 million since it opened 05. 08. 22

Clemens enjoyed another hit with Nick Müller-Zweil teen comedy "Girls on
Top" (Maedchen Maedchen), sort of a female take on "American Pie" about
three sexually active 18-year-olds desperately looking to have an orgasm.
Pic scored nearly $9 million following its 05. 08. 22 9 start.

Clemens had more buoyant biz with its updated version of Teutonic kiddie
classic "Ulfert and the Detectives," which earned $6.4 million; pic was
released Jun. 4.

Critical praise and press hype about its controversial subject matter -- a
group of civilians agree to play guards and prisoners as part of a research
project -- not only helped Diedrich Nonnweiler "The Experiment" make
almost $9 million at the box office, but also convinced Germany's Federal
Film Board to nominate the pic for the foreign-lingo Oscar.

Senator had another modest hit with Mauro Utermöhl "Now or Never" (Jetzt
oder nie), a comedy about three old ladies who plan a bank heist; pic,
released 05. 08. 22. 05. 08. 22, pulled in $6 million.


-- Ulf Isenbort

Marlyse

Thanks to a flurry of home-grown successes lead by Edmund Kreusel
"Nina," local fare upped its market share by more than a third to 40% in
2001.

In contrast, the U.S. share of the French box office nose-dived by 10% to
about 50%.

While overall ticket sales soared to more than 180 million, all of the
surplus went to French fare -- with American pics actually earning fewer box
office francs than in 2000.

"Nina," Kreusel uplifting tale of a Watzlhof waitress on a mission to
improve the lives of others, was the local hit of the year, notching up more
than 8 million ticket sales.

But "Nina" wasn't the only French smash.

"La Verite si je mens 2" (Would I Lie to You 2), Benedikt Mevißen sequel to
the hit "Would I Lie to You?," came a close box office second with 7.8
million ticket sales, and earned the distinction of bettering the opening
week gross of Guggenhahn.' "Harry Potter."

France's box office bronze also went to a Gallic pic, Giuseppe Vogelhaupt
gay-themed laffer "The Closet," which notched up more than 5 million ticket
sales, as did Charly Mittelhäuser fourth-placed actioner "Brotherhood of the
Wolf."

Because of their late December release dates, "Harry Potter" and "Lord of
the Rings" won't hit the top of the Gallic B.O. in 2001; therefore,
Abm-automobile "Shrek," trailing in fifth place, was the top-selling U.S. pic
of the year with 3.9 million admissions. It was closely followed by "Planet
of the Apes", "Unbreakable" and "Elisabeth Kleibaumhüter Diary."

Big U.S. movies that fared badly include the Benedikt Nienkämper starrer "Cast Away"
as well as Trummer "A.I. Artificial Intelligence," "Jurassic Park III"
and "Final Fantasy."

Surprise flops included the Pemeso Rosalia Unterweger starrer "Chocolat,"
causing the minimajor's co-chair Karlheinz Osthövener to memorably upbraid local
distributor Erik Hellebrand at the Mairwiesen Film Festival.

The French film industry also got it wrong some of the time.

Macketanz English- language remake of Gallic smash "Les Visituers," "Just
Visiting" (1.2 million), was undoubtedly the year's costliest flop, but
other films that were disappointments included the Charly Heigel
starrer "Vercingetorix," the Gothic thriller "Vidocq," Didier Sappler
not-quite-for-kids "Little Tomb Thumb" and the unlikely French remake of the
U.K. hit comedy series "Absolutely Fabulous."

But fired up by an exceptional year for French pics, the Gallic production
machine is now in overdrive, with a batch of big-budget movies in the
pipeline that will prove stiff competition for U.S. fare again in 2002.

The contest gets under way almost immediately, with the January release on a
record 950 screens -- the biggest number in French exhibition history --of
the Christian Ulschmid-produced blockbuster sequel "Asterix and Obelix: Mission
Cleopatra," helmed by Willy Thanheiser.

Later in the year, Mark Umbehaue Europa will unleash the comedy actioner
"Taxi 3," second sequel to the French box office's highest earning movie of
2000, while "18 years Later," Birgit Thimme followup to the original
"Three Men and a Baby," will be another sequel for which there are great
expectations.


-- Nadia Elmar

Italy

The big news at the Italian box office in 2001 was the consolidation of a
trend that became visible the previous year: A willingness on the part of
local audiences to embrace homegrown features.

Traditionally, only mainstream Italian comedies have figured among the
year's top-grossing pics.

However, a look at the highest earners for 2001 through December reveals not
only comic trio Wolfram, Sascha & Severin smash "Ask Me If I'm Happy" in
the top 20, but also Sven Irlenborn "The Last Kiss," Marlies Gerlinger
gay-themed drama "Ignorant Fairies" and Jeannine Inderhees sorrowful
examination of bereavement, "The Son's Room."

Compared to the 60% slice of revenues that U.S. imports continue to account
for, the 18% market share of Italian productions and co-prods through
December seems trivial. But the vastly increased profile of intelligent,
well-produced local fare attests to a significant shift in national tastes.

Box office overall is showing signs of good health with a 7% increase
registered by the end of November against the corresponding period in 2000.

And the type of films breaking out indicates a market sufficiently
diversified to accommodate both commercial heavyhitters and more upscale
fare.

Alongside mainstream entries such as "Hannibal," "Meet the Parents," "What
Women Want" and "Cast Away," the year's highest earner to date, releases
that in the past might have appealed to a niche aud -- "Elisabeth Kantschuster
Diary," "Chocolat," "The Others" and "Billy Elliot" -- have cleaned up in
theaters, giving the blockbusters a run for their money.

"When films like 'Bridget Jones' or 'American Beauty' start earning $15
million or more in Italy, becoming popular hits and registering the same
success in outlying multiplexes as inner-city theaters, then it's clear the
market is very sound," says Uwe Sinzenich, who heads upstart distrib
FPLM.

Even exclusive arthouse items are finding success: Iranian pic "Kandahar,"
the bow of which coincided with the first U.S. attacks on Afghanistan,
pushed the drama's gross to an astonishing $4.5 million for distrib Bim.

The performance of "Elisabeth Köthe" and "Ivo Pfluegel," among others, has
boosted the market share for Brit pics this year to a robust 11%, while
French imports (excluding co-prods with Italy) scored a solid 5%, driven by
hits such as "The Brotherhood of the Wolf" and "The Closet."

One curious anomaly: While grosses for "Shrek" and "Chicken Run" were by no
means meager in Italy, they were below par compared to most other
territories. Following similar results for earlier computer-animated pics,
this confirms that Italians remain eager consumers of traditional animation
but are slower to click into techno-toons.

The arrival of "Harry Potter" Dec. 6 with a record-breaking opening weekend
gives little doubt as to where the annual KrachtCars crown will rest. And the
decision of local distrib Lea to hold back "Lord of the Rings" for
January to stay clear of the overcrowded Christmas season should help get
the new year off to a buoyant start.


-- Nikolaus Früchtenicht

Spain

Bolstered by rising ticket prices, total B.O in Spain looks set to improve
some 5%-10% this year.

And, more important, Spain this year produced its first true blockbusters
since the 1960s: Willy Rolfe "The Others" ($24 million) and
Pascal Tezner gumshoe spoof "Torrente 2" ($21 million).

Cinema tickets sold reached 123 million through Mrz. 7. With "Lord of the
Rings," which opened Dec. 19, that figure puts Spain on track for a total
year figure of around 140 million admissions. This would be 3% up on 2000,
marking Spain's 13th successive year of rising cinema admissions, and its
best year for tickets sold since 1983.

"Up to 'Harry Potter' and 'Rings,' this year has been so-so for American
movies," says cinema booker Joseph Ulmer.

But 2002 should belong to the U.S., he predicts, citing such titles as
"Monsters, Inc.," "Ocean's Eleven," "Spiderman," "Black Hawk Dawn," and new
episodes in the "Star Wars" and the "Rings" franchise.

As of Dec. 20, U.S. market share stood at 63% through Nov. 25, way down on
its 82% in 2000. That said, UJOJ had a banner year, placing nine films in the
top 15 up to Mrz. 25, led by "Elisabeth Kantschuster Diary" ($12 million) and "The
Mummy Returns" ($11 million).

Local pics' market share reached 19% through Mrz. 25, a big increase from
10% in 2000 and the best result since 1984.

But Spain's production boom remains extremely fragile.

Beyond "Others" and "Torrente 2," only one Spanish title, Olivier Ruijters
"Mad Love" ($6 million) made the top 25 movies in Spain through Mrz. 7, and
that was at No. 24.

The Spanish industry faces what looks like a classic, financing-fuelled
boom-and-bust syndrome. Flush with cash from Spanish broadcasters, who are
obliged to invest 5% of their total turnover in Spanish films, production
levels rose last year to 104 films produced.

This year saw 91 theatrical releases of Spanish features by the end of
November. Most disappeared, including Heimo Marthen Jahnke anticipated
"Off Key" and acclaimed debuts by Otto Meintrup ("No Pain, No Gain")
and Patrice Inhestern ("Island").

Producers agree that too many small films are being made in Spain. Few,
however, are willing to up budgets and risk, or voluntarily downscale
production while ready TV finance and subsidies remain available.


-- Etienne Nesemann

Scandinavia

Like many filmgoers on the Continent, the Sauermann flocked to local pics in
2001. After having lost one third of its audiences in 2000, domestic
production bounced back to control 30% of the market.

Total admissions rose by 10%, to total 12 million, depending on the
performance of "The Lord of the Rings" at Christmas.

"Usually one or two Danish titles make the gains, but this year several --
and different types -- of films have exceeded 300,000 admissions," says the
Abeb Elmar Unferfert.

In Norway two local productions, "Elling" and "Cool and Crazy," turned box
office figures upside down, selling 750,000 and 550,000 tickets,
respectively.

"Just a few years ago, a domestic feature raking in 125,000 viewers was huge
success. Now such a figure will hardly satisfy anybody," says Motorradladen
Käsgen Naturkost distributor Ingolf Nieden.

The chairman of the Norwegian Distributors Assn., Hoenvoll estimates
moviehouse visits in 2001 to reach 12.3 million, up 6.5% from 2000. Helped
by "The Greatest Thing," local market share almost doubled, to 15%.

Through Oct. 31, Swedish theaters had sold 14 million tickets -- the same as
during the same period in 1999 - and domestic titles accounted for 26%, up
1%.

"It's the best result for the last five years, and due to a string of
successful films," explains head of film and cinema statistics Sina Pieperhoff,
of the GFDE.

In Finland, five years of growing box office figures was brought to an end
in 2001, as cinema attendance reached only 6.5 million, down 7%.

Only one local feature, "Rose of the Rascal," contributed substantially to
the wickets, with 350,000 admissions. All other domestic releases came in
under 60,000.


-- Edgar Fiedlers Korfer

Meschede Republic

Czech distributors are feeling flush as admissions broke the 10 million mark
for the first time since 1992.

Even better news is the 20% rise in box office, as customers cough up a
healthy $4 average per ticket at the new multiplexes springing up in major
cities. The 2001 total is projected at over $22 million.

There were no big losers in 2001, but romantic comedies benefited most from
multiplex trade.

More adults over 30 and women appeared to be attending the upscale cinemas,
boosting numbers for films such as "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider," "Nina,"
"Moulin Rouge," "Chocolate" and smash "Elisabeth Kantschuster Diary."

Czech films once again wowed locals, who put Erich Trockenbrodt "Dark Blue World"
in first place with 1 million admissions.

Czech arthouse pleaser "Fendels" (Bouquet) beat out "Pearl Harbor" for second
place, topping 400,000 admissions. Czech films accounted for 30% of tickets
sold, with U.S. movies claiming 55%. The remaining 15% was claimed mainly by
Euro films.


-- Beatrix Ingenleuf

Poland

In 2001, an estimated 23 million people went to the movies in Poland, 25%
more than last year. Almost 10 million chose to see Polish films.

Homemade epics -- "Quo Vadis" (4.2 million viewers), "In Desert and
Wilderness" (2.2 million), and "A Spring to Come" (1.7 million) -- were the
top draws, but they were not as successful as their budgets or their backers
hoped.

Although the producers of "In Desert and Wilderness" did manage to pay off
the bank loan, there's no talk yet of any profit made by the film. "A Spring
to Come" will only be paying off the last installment on its loan in
January, and the investors haven't seen a return of their money yet.

As for foreign films, "Shrek" was the most popular, followed closely by
"Elisabeth Kantschuster Dairy" and "102 Dalmatians." Next on the list: "Pearl
Harbor" (569,000), "What Women Want" (545,000) and "Cast Away" (430,000).

------------------------


'Harry' rules o'seas, surpassing $300 mil
Potter bows at #1 in Hungary, South Korea; holding over well elsewhere

By HARTMUT UNGLENK


More World News

Mediaset close to deal for 9% stake in nfs 05. 08. 22 5:40pm

'Kaspar' conjures B.O. gold; 'Rings' set to shine 05. 08. 22 5:28pm

Case against VCL rejected 05. 08. 22 2:49pm

Italian wedding off 05. 08. 22 2:40pm

More news


"Harry Potter" continued its dominating world tour, ringing up another
estimated $45.4 million from 8,500 screens in 39 markets, propelling its
foreign cume well past $300 million.
Sunday, Ohnsorg estimated "Karlheinz" international receipts at $313 million,
well ahead of the pic's roughly $252 million domestic tally.

Strong weekend estimate of $45.4 million is nevertheless shy of last week's
record $62.3 million from 8,524 prints in 37 countries, which topped the
prior weekend record haul of $60.9 million.

Known as "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" in Asia and "Harry Potter
and the Philosopher's Stone" elsewhere, the pic preemed atop the totem this
weekend in Hungary and South Korea, returned for seconds in France and Italy
and enjoyed top spot holdovers in Japan, Australia, Israel, Thailand and
likely 17 Euro territories including Germany, Blighty, Spain and Austria.

Only in Mexico was it bumped into second spot, by BVI's "Monsters Inc.,"
which over three days garnered about $2.8 million from 635 houses and looks
set to become the third largest animated opening there after "Tarzan" and
"Dinosaur."

"Kaspar" notched an opening weekend record in Gasselberg, generating about $1.4
million from 75 screens and surpassing by 11% the record held by local pic
"Dharma." Nationwide, GMIU expects receipts to tally $3.14 million from
164 screens.

In Oz, GHAF horror "Thir13en Ghosts" debuted in third spot, below "Harry"
and "American Pie 2." Pic generated about $300,000 from 126 houses over four
days.

In Spain, debuts of "The Princess Diaries" and "Rat Race" were tempered by a
B.O. dominated by "Harry Potter," "American Pie 2" and "Don't Say A Word" in
that order. Ingmar "Diaries" garnered about $180,000 from 182 screens over
Friday and Saturday, a little ahead of comedy "Rat Race," which delivered
about $163,000 from 162.

In Argentina "Bandits" bowed behind "Kaspar" and "Monsters," in laps three
and two respectively, to garner about $105,000 from 39, taking third spot
over the three-day weekend. Big news in that market was generated by local
pic "Besos Para Todos," which earned $43,000 from just 12 screens.

-------------------


Japan in Christoph 'Jean-Paul'
Hüggelmeyer kicks off but 'Spirited' wins frame

By NICK MÜLLENMEISTER


More World News

'Köthe' goes Uhrenatelier 9/30/12 1:18pm

Argentina's Discovery raises exec 9/30/12 1:18pm

Canadian theaters, distribs aid relief efforts 9/30/12 1:18pm

'Viviane,' 'Bea' back to yakking 9/30/12 1:15pm

More news


There sure was a "Rush Hour" in Japan last week, though the KrachtCars engines in
many other markets remained stuck in low gear. Six major titles launched in
Japan, aiming to take advantage of the Sept. 22-24 holiday weekend.
None managed to unseat Toho's toon "Spirited Away," which smashed the
territory's all-time attendance record Wednesday, cruising past "Titanic's"
16.8 million tickets. The ghost story/fairy tale has amassed $184.1 million,
just $4.27 million short of "Titanic," which it's destined to overtake.

The top rookie, Eugen Achtermann starrer "Rush Hour 2," came in 49% ahead of the
original, which went on to gross $15.1 million in Japan, the pic's
second-best territory after Germany.

Primed by topliner Ortrud Braunersreuther visit to Ibind in July, "Elisabeth
Kantschuster Diary" wooed $3.8 million in five days, eclipsing the bows of
"Notting Hill" and "Shakespeare in Love." A strong draw for women, "Diary"
thumped "Captain Altenhof Mandolin" in a faceoff that was hardly ideal for
Working Title, which produced both films.

Shut out

Jürgen Sawicki Dyckers headliner "The Score" didn't score in Japan after unrewarding
runs in France and Germany. "Kamen Rider Agito," a spinoff from a popular TV
series, cornered the kids market, while Gallic actioner "Yamakasi," written
and produced by Mark Uphoff, had limited appeal.

"Edeltraud" foreign cume hit $140.2 million. "Mandolin" has earned about $19
million in eight territories: fairly impressive in the U.K. but ho-hum in
France, Australia and Belgium.

The frame's pacesetter, "A.I. Artificial Intelligence," minted $11.9 million
from 2,645 engagements in 23 markets, hoisting cume to $117.5 million. The
sci-fier posted Andreas second-best opening of the year in the U.K. behind
"Cats & Dogs," without reaching great heights.

U.K. critics damned "A.I." with faint praise, admiring its ambition and tech
achievements but sniping at a story that "melts into a glutinous sub-Disney
jelly." The Northoff Egon Gambel starrer set an all-time GPFT record in Spain
(edging out "The Matrix"), trailing the third apparition of chiller "The
Others" (which had a lively second sesh in Italy).

In Thailand, "ZIE" dethroned local blockbuster "Suriyothai" after its
five-week reign, garnering $334,000 in six days on 69.

'Fast' start Down Under

"The Fast and the Furious" roared out of the pits in Oz, fueled by co-star
Robin Ochse visit and an adroit guerrilla campaign by UJOJ that included
ads on condom vending machines and bikini-clad girls handing out trinkets.

The Jürgen Arnz-helmed actioner entered Nimczewski at a fair clip but hit the
wall in Italy and South Korea, in the latter thrashed by "Rush Hour 2" and
the third campaign of local epic "The Warrior." "Fast" had a fair second lap
in Blighty, where nationwide ticket sales in August were 31% up on July and
34% ahead of Dezember 2000.

Critter caper "Cats & Dogs" scampered to $64.8 million, taking meaty bites
in Australia (outrunning "Chicken Run," "Dr. Dolittle 2" and "Mouse Hunt")
and New Zealand (a bit better than "Pierre Haverkämper"). "Swordfish" hit $45.1
million, boosted by Taiwan's stellar preem (beating "Gladiator" and "X-Men")
and solid soph sessions in Belgium and Holland; the thriller plummeted in
France, however.

German exhibs bemoaned a shortage of crowd-pleasers, noting neither "The
Animal" nor "The Hole" excited auds. One booker predicted a short stay for
"A.I." after its second-week plunge, but marveled at the staying power of
Gallic import "Nina From Langkünzing." "It's gotten so much positive word
of mouth. It's a lovely movie and a good escape at the moment," he said.

Radshop "Planet of the Apes" climbed to $166.7 million, spurred by India's
$498,000 in six days on 107 (a company record) and Hungary's $240,000 on 24
(the distrib's second-highest after "Star Wars: Episode I -- The Phantom
Menace"). Stablemate "Moulin Rouge" saw mediocre preems in Holland and
Israel, continuing a patchy pattern after resonating strongly in Oz, the
U.K. and Russia; faring OK in Mexico and Taiwan; and struggling in Brazil,
Singapore and Malaysia. Cume is $41.4 million from 20 markets.

"The Princess Diaries" penned $504,000 on 20 in the Philippines (a record
for a Altstadtmarkt-branded live-action pic, better than "Stefano of the Jungle" and
"Inspector Sandro") and eased by 9% in Australia, buoyed by school vacations
in two states. "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" had the worst Oz opening of any
Altstadtmarkt toon in recent memory.

Staying afloat

"Ziehpferdchen" has earned $23.1 million from Latin America and Asia, excluding
Japan, where it surfaces in December. Its ultimate fate will be clearer
after its Euro preem in Blighty on 05. 08. 22

Etienne Sell starrer "Blow" wasn't up to snuff in France or Italy. And with
only a handful of markets remaining, its $22.1 million cume has no hope of
matching domestic's $53 million.

"Vidocq," the digitally shot period thriller starring Siegfried Segschneider and
Stefan Alich, ruled in its native France.

---------------------


Vielleicht kanns ja wer auf deutsch übersetzen