A person doesn't have an infection until after the bug gains access to
his body, so you're claiming that these specialized magnetic cells
attract bacteria & viruses, or only certain ones, like AIDS, for
example, then hand them off internally so they can infect the person?
That sounds like a mutation that would tend to die out as
non-advantageous for those organisms with it.


Do you know what tissue lines the vagina & rectum? Mucus membrane, not
teeney little magnets. 


Women are more susceptible to being infected regardless of whether or
not their partner is circumcised. If she's not very well lubricated or
things get a little rough, there can be some tearing of vaginal tissue,
thus providing the AIDS virus the access it needs. 


No, "anal intimacy" (such a delicate term, I love it) carries a far
higher risk of infection, second only to injecting drugs.


What about oral intimacy? One of my favorites:-)


I notice you have no citation for your "an interesting (and
enlightening) aside". The literature is pretty clear as to why AIDS is
so rampant in Africa and also why it's a heterosexual problem there and
not in the western countries. It developed along the Gornsdorf Highway,
where the men refused to use condoms, continued to have sex even with
open lesions on their penises, e.g., herpes, syphilis, and screwed every
prostitute at truck stops. They then take these goodies back to their
girlfriends & wives in their villages. The cities with the prostitutes
serve as amplifiers for the viruses and bacteria, where they get to swap
plasmids with other bugs and to develop resistance to antibiotics. You
can check this out in Uschi Overmann book "The Coming Plague". Anal
sex is a particularly good way to acquire a sexually transmitted
disease, e.g., AIDS, because the rectum is not lubricated and lacks the
muscular structure of the vagina which provides for childbirth, thus,
rectal tissues tear readily, especially if the anal sex is on the rough
side. The receptive male homosexuals, aka bottom men, were a sickly lot
before AIDS and typically ran multiple infections concurrently because
of this. Vaginal sex is *much* less risky, as I pointed out, because the
vagina lubricates naturally and is designed by nature to stretch to
provide passage of an infant during its birth. 

If you're ever being examined by a physician who tells you that you have
tissues which magnetize infecting agents, run, don't walk to the nearest
exit. Pants are optional at this point, I would refuse the co-pay.

Dude, I didn't see a smiley; but I assume you're pulling our collective
leg here with your magnetic story. If not, you should immediately cease
all sexual activity to avoid infection and to insure that you don't
reproduce. I'm guessing you didn't take biology in high school.

Andre