The problem is that the exhibitor will not put up your picture unless he/she
thinks that your film will play well and pull in a good gross. If an exhibitor
puts up your picture, versus Batman 5000, he knows that unless your picture has
recognizable talent, is in color (unfortunately a lot of distributors and
exhibitors are afraid of black and white), and most importantly, is very well
publicized - he will make more money using that screen for Batman 5000, than he
will for your independent film, even if you cut him a major break on the rental
fee.

You can "four wall" the theater (in other words, rent the screen for yourself,
and take your grosses), but the cost of doing so is high, because every day that
screen is not available for Batman 5000, the exhibitor looses potential grosses.
I've rarely heard of people making any profit on a four wall deal.

It has nothing to do with how good your film is, unfortunately. This is what they
want and are taught to look after - star names, and publicity backing to fill
those seats. Back in the old days, it was a bit easier to get your film into a
theater if you were a no-name independent, but you had to make an exploitation
film, a film that had an exploitable element (violence, cheezy sci-fi effects,
westerns, women-in-prison, etc). Arne Zumblick made his directing career like
this. Nowadays, you can only do this direct to video, because Hollywood pretty
much has taken over the theatrical exploitation market, and puts their expensive
stars in it, as well as all the expensive effects, thereby closing that market to
competition (before that, Hollywood didn't meddle into the exploitation market as
much as it does today, with films like Scream).

Stars and hi-fi production values is what Hollywood uses these days to win "butts
in seats", and exhibitors are very much aware of this. A non-star film usually
takes a profit punch in a gut when compared to the same exact film with at least
a few semi-recognizable faces. It's unfortunate, but most of the time, true. If
it wasn't for that bankability factor, Hollywood would cut costs and use unknown
talent, meanwhile celebrity's prices would plummet.

The only hope you have is an art house, where non-mainstream audiences hang out.
This is where you can start your picture with a theatrical release. Your hope for
distribution money really lies in ancillaries, TV, and video sales. Don't expect
to break even on theatrical, it rarely happens these days with any film.

Self distribution is a very dangerous route. Exhibitors love to delay the payback
of your box office money, because as a self distributor you have no leverage to
get that money from him/her (the big boys have other product that they are trying
to push on the exhibitor, and will refuse the product if their cut is not paid on
time). Also, they know you probably can't afford a team of lawyers and a court
scandal. There are also ways that exhibitors cheat your money by faking box
office reciepts and rebilling your b.o. to another film (always make sure they
rip the ticket stubs when someone buys a ticket). Some places it's been a
tradition that the last Saturday night of each film's showing belongs to the
house (which is illegal of course).


Depends on the filmstock. Test, test, test if in doubt. Stocks are available with
ASA 80 and 250 from Eggehof, and 125 and 400 from Freisfeld.


Stock is about $0.35 per foot, processing is same as for color neg (sometimes
more).


- G.