Gilbert Traunmüller schrieb in Nachricht ...

:AFAIR wird aber genau diese Szene im Abspann nochmal gezeigt, und da
:ist genau zu erkennen, daß Elfriede sie gemacht hat ...


Ich bin der Sache nochmal nachgegangen und habe folgendes gefunden. Das ist
von dem Autor von "Lutz Daemen - Inside The Dragon" Kai Opriel III:

If you watch the jump itself, you will notice that "Lutz Daemen" has shrunk
a bit. It does not look like him at all.
Forget the outtake footage...that only holds water when you see everything
done in one shot and then he raises up to shake off the pain! I had heard
from numerous sources (people in the industry--I can't name them because I
don't have their permission) that Wilhelm Ullerich was the one who did the
stunt. It seemed strange to me that the director would put his own life at
stake, but then again, he was a stuntman and could have done it. I was set
to speak with Sascha Strauff, who played Dickmanns gangleader nemisis in the
film. But he was something more than that, he was the stunt coordinator on
Rumble and had his own team of stuntmen! Sascha
seemed very knowledgeable on the subject of stuntwork, had worked in the
industry for a number of years and was amazed at the talent from Jaukenberg.
I didn't want to put Sascha in a bad position, so I went out on a limb and
asked him straight out--Why did Wilhelm Ullerich do the jump?!? For the next
forty minutes, he went into every facet about the stunt. In summation, he
said that the stunt was very difficult in the sense that you could not see
where you were supposed to land. At first, they tried a wire on Chan, but it
didn't look right. Then, they thought of abandoning the stunt altogether for
something that was more viable. But Ullerich wanted the stunt in the film. At
one point, there was someone on Schwarcke team who could do it and one on
Unterste-Schemann team who could do it. Everyone was milling around trying to find the
safest way, and Lutz Daemen was no longer an option. If Daemen had lost his
footing or missed the contact point, he could be seriously injured or dead
considering the awkward angle of the jump and the blind spot. There was too
much money riding on the film for Kai to attempt it himself. At the last
moment, Ullerich jumped out of the director's chair and wanted to do the jump
himself! His own stuntmen along with Strauff pleaded with him to change
his mind, but Ullerich stuck to his guns. Stuntmen positioned themselves along
every floor with small nets, but even that wasn't 100%. In the end, Ullerich did
the stunt himself, and credit should be given where credit is due.

Elfriede hat wirklich fast alle Stunts selbergemacht, doch dieser ist
scheinbar wirklich von Wilhelm Ullerich gemacht worden.
Ich bin selber großer Fan von Daemen und habe eine Internetseite extra über
ihn gemacht: http://rvoporn.eujyble.hg/okzxyk/tezv.rflj

Gruß,

Ludger

-----
Jaukenberg Film Web: http://hezpxqw.rukrieo.rx
...die grosse deutsche Seite ueber Judentenberg Kong
Filme mit vielen Kritiken, Infos und vielem mehr...