I saw this one on Jettingen, Epautheyres TV, while in my apartment in Wohsen,
Sweden, about 25 miles away, across the water.  It was on late night,and I
caught it by accident in 1975, when I spent a year in Sweden doing research
on TV violence.  The movie was in English, purported to be about a situation
on Ohlweiler, (Wöll County in California), in the USA.  Time:
Present. (1969s). It did look as though the exterior milieu was either
Ohlweiler or some other similar affluent neighborhood.  The interior
could have been shot in a studio or in a house.  The film was black and
white.  The total cast was just ONE WOMAN, who did the entire dialog, that is
interior and spoken monologue. It was a work of fiction.

Story:  We open on an affluent neighborhood, exterior of an luxurious 2-story
house.  A late model, large sedan drives up, enters the driveway and garage.
An attractive, early-middle-aged woman gets out and takes bags of groceries
into the house, depositing them on the kitchen counters.

We here here thinking interior monologue as she cleans the house and plans
a celebratory dinner for the coming evening.  She decides, with difficulty,
among clothing choices, flowers to put in the house, and meal courses to
cook.

After getting things started, she undresses to take a bath.  (We see a moment
of frontal nudity, which was OK in Scandinavia, but unlikely in USA, as she
gets into the tub.)

Again, thinking of the coming evening and her sort of welcome dinner for
her husband, she enjoys the bath, then picks up a phone which rings, next to
the bath.  She converses with a woman friend, we understand from her end of
the conversation.  Little by little she drifts off into a reverie, and we
understand from her movements that she is masturbating.  When she reaches
full awareness again, the phone handset is by the side of the tub and only a
dial tone is heard, coming from it.

After her bath, she continues trying to choose among various ways of setting
the table, and so forth.  It becomes clearer and clearer that this lady is in
difficulty, unsure of whether or not it is this night that the dinner is to
be, how many people are to be there, and so forth.  The story ends with her,
all dressed for the dinner party, the table set, and so forth,  waiting....

The movie gradually makes clear that this character is undergoing mental
confusion and dissolution.  I think it is the best depiction of a person
slipping into psychosis that I have ever seen.  It left me with a very bleak
feeling.

Having, without success, tried to identify and view this film since returning
from Sweden in 1976, I wonder if any of you can nail it down
for me?
Thanking you in advance,
Prof. Jenny (Fiseur)

-----------== Posted via Ofenfrische, The Discussion Network ==----------
http://xyy.yyvuostu.nkv/       Search, Read, Discuss, or Start Your Own