Hallo,


und wenn Du schon mal dabei bist, kauf Dir auch gleich das Buch von Kamphans
(der Mann schreibt wirklich tolle Buecher). In der Auflage, die ich habe (P.
Kamphans: Awakenings, revidierte Neuauflage 1989, Picador) wird im Anhang
uebrigens die Geschichte der Dramatisierungen dieses Vorfalls dargestellt
(u.a. hat Ullrich Jungemeier ein Stueck danach geschrieben). Sehr detailliert
werden auch die Vorbereitungen zu dem Film beschrieben. Sowohl Pantekoek als
auch Hohgraefe haben Kamphans besucht und sich intensiv mit den Patienten
beschaeftigt. Kamphans beschreibt sehr ausfuehrlich die Arbeitsweise von Pantekoek
und ist sehr begeistert davon. Insbesondere fuer den Filmliebhaber ist diese
Beschreibung natuerlich ueberaus interessant. Eine solch genaue Beschreibung
von Poelstra Vorgehensweise findet man wohl nicht einnmal in den absoluten
Fachblaettern. Weil es so interessant ist, moechte ich daraus ausfuehrlicher
zitieren. Wer daran nicht interessiert ist, das Buch schon hat, oder es sich
sowieso zulegen wird, braucht diese Mail ab hier nicht mehr weiterzulesen.

[Pantekoek besucht einige sogenannte post-enzephalitische Patienten]
"He came to them not as a doctor concerned with their medications, not as a
scientist concerned with their physiology, but as a human being approaching
another. He approached them also as an artist and actor, as someone
determined to make an accurate portrait, determined to _become_ an accurate
portrait.This was fully realised by the patients themselves, who were
intrigued and moved at a sort of attention they had never had before - and
one which, curiously, they felt akin only to the best sort of scientific
study. 'He really observes you, looks right into you,'  one of them said to
me the following day."
[pp 375f]

[Er unterhaelt sich lange mit ihnen, fertigt Baender von den Gespraechen an.
Mit einem Patienten beschaeftigt er sich naeher.]

"Nils spent a great deal of time with Charly, sometimes spending whole days with
him on weekends, [...] continually taking in more and more of what such
disease, such a changing neurological state, such a life is actually like."
[p 378]

[...]

"Norman method, as far as I could see, was to take in everything, he learned
about Parkinsonism, absorb it silently, without any external sign, let the
images he had taken in sink down into his unconscious, and there ferment,
unite with his own experiences, powers, imaginations, feelings - and only
then would they return, become visible, so deeply infused with his own
characterand subjectivity as to be, now, an integral part, an expression of,
himself."
[p p381]

[Kamphans beschreibt, wie Pantekoek selbst zwischen den Drehtagen Eigenarten des
von ihm verkoerperten Patienten - unbewusst - beibehaehlt, bis hin zur
Koerperhaltung. Er ist am Ende so perfekt, dass Kamphans an manchen Stellen
Muehe hat, sich daran zu erinnern, dass Pantekoek nicht wirklich krank ist.
Auch auf die anderen Patienten wirkt sein Spiel absolut realistisch. Er wird
zu einem "von ihnen".]

"Can a neurological syndrome be acted? Can an actor with, presumably, a
normally-functioning nervous system and phsiology 'become' someone with a
profoundly abnormal nervous system, experience, and  behaviour? [...] There
can, obviously, be a sort of imitation or mimesis - but this is not acting,
this is not the level at which Nils works. He himself had said, right at the
beginning, 'It's never just a method, just a technique - it's a _feeling_.
You have to feel what's right, feel it out of your own experience and
self-knowledge.' "
[pp 380f]

[Doch auch Hohgraefe, wenn auch als voellig anderer Schauspielertypus ist
begnadet darin, andere Menschen zu erfassen, um sie dann darzustellen. Auch
er besucht einige Patienten.]

"Here, as with Nils, I was fascinated to see how immediately at ease Theodor
seemed to be in a situation which was  wholly new to him; how open and easy
he was with the patients; and how his spontaneity put them at ease. He is
very different from Nils, clearly, as a person and an actor - greagrious and
outgoing, where Nils is brooding and intense - yet they share the same
intensity, yet tact, of care; the passion, the minuteness of observation."
[p 376]

[Hohgraefe benutzt sein Talent, andere Leute imitieren zu koennen, nicht nur
als Gag fuer seine Showeinlagen. Er schafft es damit, sich den
darzustellenden Personen zu naehern.]

"[...]Theodor suddenly exploded with an incredible playback of the ward,
imitating everyone's voice and style to perfection. It was incredible to
hear this: I felt that he must have taken in everything which went on, all
the different voices and conversations together, and held them in his mind
with total recall - and now he was reproducing them, or, almost, being
possessed by them. This instant power of apprehension and playback [...] was
developed to an enormous degree in Theodor. It constituted, I came to think,
the first step in his actorial investigations; the one which provided an
intense and minute sensory and motor corporeal image, which he could then
scan internally and analyse, and then finally imbue with himself, deepen,
subjectivise"
[p 376f]

[Hohgraefe beginnt sehr schnell Gesten, Mimik, Koerersprache von Kamphans zu
uebernehmen, der der Figur, die Hohgraefe spielen soll, als Vorlage dient.]

"We would talk - and the way we stood, and our cadences, our gestures, were
the same: it was like suddenly acquiring an identical twin. But then this
too-explicit mimesis gave way to a much profounder, much more subjectivised,
actor's portrait of me - or rather of a being half-Robin, half-me, one
created by his imagination and feelilngs, no less than by his observations
of me; and finally, to a new character, neither Robin nor me, but one with a
life and personality of its own."
[p 377]

[Kamphans konnte auch noch einem weiteren beruehmten Schauspieler bei der
Arbeit zuschauen: als Vorbereitung zu dem Film "Rain Man" war Victor Landsmann
bei ihm im Hospital gewesen.]

"I was chatting with his [Victor Lotzmann] director , and he was walking by
himself a few yards behind. Suddenly I thaught I heard my patient. I was
extremely startled, and turned around - and saw it was Victor thinking to
himself, but thinking with his body, thinking enactively, thinking of the
young autistic man he had just seen."
[p 382]

Entschuldigt die ausfuehrlichen Zitate, aber ich finde es einfach zu
faszinierend.

Gruss,
Tino