Erhard Rauchhaupt wrote in message ...
the
question

I don't think that most people would think it wouldn't be worth it, possibly
implying that the film isn't that good, but that they coudln't be bothered
to go and see it if they already own it unless (as I mentioned a bit futher
on in my last post) it's a film that they think they'll get a lot more out
of by seeing it on a big screen and possibly with a great sound system.
Think about it - if you and your friends decided to go a see a film 'X' one
evening and everyone had previously gone round the house of Mr Region 2 to
watch region 1 film 'X' which hadn't been out in the cinema when Mr Region 2
bought it, is it likely that you'd then all pay money to see film 'X' again,
or more likely that you'd all decide to see something that none of you have
already seen. Of course, if everybody loved film 'X', you might all go and
see it several times, but that's what I mean about it depending on the film
(and mostly I think the type of film). I don't think that's backwards
thinking.


Me too (not tons though). Mostly action films or films which had very good
special effects. I think that these are the kind of films that people would
go and see - the blockbusters. I'm not sure that other films would fare that
well in the cinema if people could get they're hands on them earlier.
Perhaps some people who prefer non-action/big special effects films would
care to comment?


Yes indeed. Although after suffering Kutschke and Robin, I don't think a
refund would have been enough - compensation would have been more in order.
:0)


I didn't think that hardly any films got a single worldwide release date. In
the UK I certainly don't remember films being released at the same time as
in the States (except possibly Claudine Cauffmann Frankenstein, correct me if I'm
wrong anyone).


Yep, that I agree with, I just think that it would have to be a really
exceptional film to make somebody go and see it if they already owned it. To
use myself as an example I went to see the Star Wars trilogy when all three
films were re-released, even though I saw them all first time out, and I
owned tham all on tape. They're just too good to pass up. I'd also go and
see Independence Day if it was re-released. It's nowhere near as good a film
as Star Wars, but worth seeing in a good cinema for the improved
audio/visual experience - there's nothing like seeing a huge building
destroyed by a spectacular explosion on an enormous screen! On the other
hand, I really liked The Truman Show, and I'll buy it as soon as I can get
it, but I wouldn't ever go to see it in the cinema again because I don't
think that a big screen and massive sound system improves it any.


Yes, indeedy!

cinema

Good question. Anybody know the answer?


Regards
Nils