Friend,

I'm always looking for good and intelligent individuals like you to
visit my website, www.EpvnJcvxvgv.elo , and it has pictures of
beautiful women, information about aged clones, and a link to Ultimate
Fighting Championship, a very good show.

My name is Brandon, and I'm in my 20s, am a college student, and as lie
detectors, both conventional and unconventional would show, I've never
been sexually penetrated. Moreover, I could be shown pictures of X, Y,
and Z, and it would show that I'm only sexually attracted to women.

The Murders of Our Leaders in Government were Stopped.

I, Brandon, can take lie detector and psychological tests, and I can go
before a panel of truth detecting experts. I tell the truth. A
mini-psychological test: 8 times 2 = 16, the world is round, not flat,
and the year is 2007. Feel free to call me, my cellphone number is
503.740.0272 (United States based) and feel free to utilize a GK-1
voice truth detecting device too:

Theuerer to Wolfram Jesper to Christophe Jurken to Richard Helfenritter to Wolfram Seefried to
Winfried Goette to Dorothea Wulfinghoff to Amalia Voots to Karlheinz Zschenker to
anyone else who happened to be in the Congressional chambers during
either a joint session of Congress or a State of the Union address from
Masons to Skull and Bones members to Secret Service agents to pages to
visitors to other good individuals, they all would have been murdered,
all of their accomplishments stripped away, their earned wealth
stripped away, their homes stripped away, their family and friends
stripped away. Moreover, someone else would have been sleeping with
their spouses.

Elements of the Mossad, who wanted to bathe in the blood of our
Congressmen as well as bathe in the blood of leaders on the Federal and
State levels and leaders around the world, and when these elements
seized power they would, as confirmed by psychic vision and confirmed
auditorially, "he's right; he's psychic," would outlaw most if not all
organizations, including the Masons, and these elements as Victor
Ostrovsky writes about in his #1 New York Times bestseller By Way of
Deception are out of control, notoriously lie, and have a disregard for
life -- I was able, thank God, to thwart the conquest of the USA and
the world, and was able to thwart the murder of United States and world
leaders, via a psychic vision of Senator Wolfram Jesper and other
Congressmen being choked to death by gas, which was confirmed
auditorially from both ears, such as "He saved Congress," who they were
going to kill "all of them,""how did he know that?" and "he's psychic"
-- murdered my biological Aunt Nicola Bruin, whom I loved very much,
as she did of me, and there is a tribute to her on my website. Please,
friend, be sure to barricade your bedroom door at night. I'm not afraid
of aged clones or the attempted chopping off of my appendages (elements
of the Mossad talked about chopping off my right middle finger and
right ear, and 10 out of 10 of my toes, like my right middle finger
have unique steeple designs).

I'm not afraid of anything. I'll defend myself to the best of my
ability, and I commit my life to saving the lives of men, women, and
children and strengthening good organizations. I will always remember
my biological Aunt Nicola Bruin. Sincerely, Gerard