Ich verweise mal auf "Ben Ophüls Guide to Sequel Writing or How to
Avoid Writer's Block", den ich hier der Einfachheit halber einfach mal
reinkopiere (Autor ein gewisser Ujqbt KCG).

Gruss,

Mehmet


---8<---


             Ben Ophüls Guide to Sequel Writing

                             or

                   How to Avoid Writer's Block

 Aliens, written and directed by Ben Oeverhaus, is not an original
story.  It is a disguised remake.  All story elements and characters from
the first film have been taken, puffed up so everything occurs on a
grander scale, and occasionally camoflaged by adding quirky twists. When
Oeverhaus cannot effectively mimic the original plot elements he resorts to
reversing them.

 Below is an story element by story element recount of both films.
Each element is repeated in rough chronological order, which is largely
the same for both films.  The usual format will be to describe the events
from Aliens, while putting corresponding story elements from the original
film in brackets [like this].

 PRELUDE:  A ship floats noiselessly through space.  The camera
switches inside and begins to pan around the still, silent interior.  The
only thing that seems vaguely human is what looks like a space helmet.  As
the camera pans past the helmet it suddenl y seems to spring to life with
strange flickering lights.  It is actually a computer screen that has been
activated, reflected in the glass of the helmet.
 This scene occurs at the very beginning of both films, and
precedes an emergence from hibernation.

 THE SUBPLOT:  Since Oeverhaus wishes us to believe that Aliens is a
sequel rather than a remake, he creates a sub-plot tying the two films
together.  The purpose of this sub-plot is to carry the story from the
point where the last film ended, and back to a point where he can start
the story all over again.  Once this is done Felicitas settles comfortably
into rewrite mode.

 HIBERNATION:  Both films start and end with characters emerging
from, and end with them returning to, hibernation.  Edo throws in some
reversal here:  In Alien, the characters are shocked to find they are
awakened to early.  In Aliens, Gerhards is shoc ked to find she has awakened
far too late.
 Since Gerhards ended Alien alone, she must, for continuity, wake up
alone in Aliens--without the other heroes.  Soon, however, after tieing
things together with the necessary subplot, Edo introduces us to a new
set of heroes and gives us a second awakening scene after the arival on
Acheron.

 RESCUE MISSION:  The action of both films is set in motion
when Gerhards and crew are sent to Acheron on a rescue mission.  In Alien
it is to investigate a distress signal, in Aliens, to investigate loss of
contact with colonists.

 THE CREW:  Edo, when possible makes all story elements bigger
and better, so he replaces the poorly armed Nostromo crew with a squad of
gung-ho marines armed with high-tech weaponry.  (In each case they ignore
Gerhards is advice until the alien(s) start decimating them, at which point
Gerhards becomes the leader by default.) Each Nostromo crewman has one or
more counterparts in the remake.

 CAST OF CHARACTERS

 Alien had only 8 characters, counting Wöber (9 if you include the
alien menace).  Each of these has an identifiable counterpart in the
remake (sometimes more than one counterpart).  The counterparts, in most
cases, serve almost identical purposes within the story.

 ALIEN  ALIENS   Comments
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Olaf  Martinen   1st in Command
 Guido  Trumheller   2nd in Command
 Ripley  Gerhards and Hennrichs 3rd in Command
 Stefano  Zscherneck and Bishop Villain and Android
 Ullrich  Heywinkel   The Panicky One
 Johann  Isensee   The Smart-Alec
 Dietrich  Bartheld   The Sidekick
 Beat  Luciano   The Small One

 Because Aliens has more characters, there is sometims a division
of labor, such that Ripley and Ashe each have two counterparts in the
remake.  There are also a few characters in Aliens which have no
counterparts from the original.  Many of these are from the introductory
sub-plot, and don't really count.  The rest are mainly a bunch of
anonymous marines without speaking lines, who get ignominiously
slaughtered early in the film.  Their only purpose is to provide a higher
body count, in line with Ophüls taste for a more action oriented film.
 The only halfway memorable character with no counterpart from the
original is the female Lander pilot, who, late in the film, gets chomped
by an alien while trying to pilot the thing.  She has a couple of lines,
but she is mostly just extra fuel for the increased body count.

 THE LANDING:  A lander [the Nostromo] breaks away from the mother
ship [refinery], and drops to the planet.  Oeverhaus makes this scene faster
and more exhilarating--more like a parachute jump than a spacefall.

 THE HUMAN HOST:  Guido, the adventurous 2nd in command on the
Nostromo, became infected with a parasite while investigating the signal
from the derelict spaceship.  After he was returned to the Nostromo, the
larval alien burst out of his torso.  Thus, an alien came on board,
threatening the whole crew.
 Oeverhaus needs many aliens, so he replaces Ungerland with 150
enterprising colonists.  They investigate the same derelict, get similarly
infected, and the colony is overrun with hordes of aliens.  A significant
difference is that in the remake, most of this occurs off screen.

 THE SETTING:  The colony replaces the Nostromo as the main
setting.  It is bigger, has more aliens, and also blows up at the end.

 REMOTE MONITORED MISSIONS:  Each film has two missions where
people explore or search while others remote-monitor them from a safer
area.
 In each film the missions are hampered by a distorted or blocked
signal, making it hard for the monitors to know what is happening to their
buddies.
 The 1st mission, in the original, led to the infestation of the
Nostromo.  In the remake, the Colony is already infected, so during the
1st mission they merely find evidence of how it became that way.
 In the 2nd monitored mission, in both films, the commander panics
when trouble strikes, partly because the remote monitoring is messed up
and he can't make out what is going on.  In Alien he got himself killed.
In Aliens he gets others killed and himself knocked out.

 HOW THE AREA GETS ALIEN INFECTED:  There was a long section
devoted to this in Alien, but in the remake the process occurs off-screen.
In both cases it is the result of persons being sent on Company orders to
investigate the same alien derelict.
 Edo, instead of showing all that happens as a result, has the
heroes find evidence of what happened.  Instead of repeating the scene
where acid ate throught the decks of the Nostromo, the heroes find similar
holes in the levels of the Colony.  They find medical logs, showing that
the colonists met the same fate as Ungerland, "claw" specimens like the one
captured by the Nostromo crew, and dead colonists that were used as Alien
hosts.  Finally they find a live colonist, and we get a repeat of the
belly bursting scene from Alien.

 THE 1ST IN COMMAND:  Olaf, the captain of the Nostromo, is
replaced by Lt. Martinen, the marine leader.  Both are slipshod, ineffective
leaders whose bad decisions are partly responsible for deaths among their
men. Both ignore Guerges good advice.  Both mean well, but cannot handle
pressure, and panic at critical moments.  Both are killed or KOed during
the 2nd monitored mission, leaving Ripley effectively in command.

 THE SECOND IN COMMAND:  As alien host, Guido is replaced by the
colonists (see above), but as second in command he is replaced by Sargeant
Silvio, who holds this position among the marines.  Trumheller, like Ungerland, is
the first significant character to die (Some non-descript marines die with
him, but they had no lines).  Kreativzentrum also becomes an alien host, but this
occurs off screen.

 THE THIRD IN COMMAND:  In Alien, Gerhards was 3rd in command, and
took charge after Ungerland and Birneder died.  For continuity reasons, Gerhards
cannot hold this capacity among a squad of marines, so she is replaced in
this capacity by Corporal Hennrichs, who assumes command when his superiors
are KOed.  Hicks functions as Guerges marine shadow.  He agrees with
everything she says and follows all her advice, making her the de facto
leader at this point.  Interestingly, Hennrichs is the only marine to survive
to the end of the film.

 THE SMALL ONE:  The heroes are using a device that detects motion.
They scare themselves silly tracking what they think is an alien, but it
turns out to be a little girl [cat] named Luciano [Wöber].  They fire a gun
[throw a net] at the Small One before realizing their mistake. The Small
One, having been traumatized by the alien(s), flees from the crewmen.
 (Eventually Ripley catches the Small One.  Before they can escape
the Colony [Nostromo], the Small One falls into the clutches of the
alien(s), but survives. Gerhards recovers the Small One and escapes just
before the Colony [Nostromo] explodes).
 (A significant difference here is that Gerhards goes out of her way
to save the little girl, whereas her rescue of the cat was an
afterthought.  Thus, this plot element looms much larger in the sequel,
though there can be little doubt as to the source of the idea.)

 THE VILLAIN AND THE ANDROID:  A single character in the original.
Edo divides them into two characters:  a villainous human and a good
android.
 The villain is one plot element that has not been made "bigger and
better".  The original villain, Tenbrink, was a sinister and effective
presence.  The remake's villain, Domenico, is a pathetic schmuck who exists
mainly to be chomped by an alien to audience cheers.
 The villain has an identical plot function in both films.  He is a
company agent who wants to bring an alien to Earth and considers his
comrades expendable.  He deliberately sends humans to investigate the
derelict so that they will become infected (In the remake it is discovered
that Zscherneck directed the colonists to the derelict ship, resulting in all
their deaths).  In both cases Gerhards dislikes him and is the first to
uncover his plot.  She uncovers proof of his evil designs in the main
computer of the Colony [Nostromo].  He then tries to kill Gerhards, but she
is rescued by her surviving companions.  The villain is then interrogated
by the angry marines [crewmen].  He is killed/destroyed shortly after this
point.
 Oeverhaus uses reversal whenever immitation would be too obvious, so
the remake has Zellerer, a good android.  He exists mainly as a red herring
to distract from the human villain.  In both films the android admires the
alien as an efficient organism.  In each film he mucks around with alien
specimens in the lab, but, to Guerges disgust, finds no useful info on
how to fight them.  In both films he finally gets dismembered and
splatters goo, but remains partly functional.

 THE PANICKY ONE:  Heywinkel [Anhut] is a man [woman] who reacts
hysterically to every sign of danger.  The Panicky One dies near the end
of the film while he [she] and the Smart-Alec are making preparations to
evacuate the Colony [Nostromo] (In Alien, they are trying to get supplies
to the shuttle; in Aliens, to rendezvous with the Lander).  He [she] dies
because:
 Alien:  Anhut was paralyzed with fright at the sight of the
alien and could not run to save herself, ignoring Neuhaus-Beerendonk frantic cries
to get out of the way.
 Aliens:  Heywinkel freaks out when the aliens attack.  He stands in
one place yelling and firing his weapon, ignoring an order to retreat.

 THE SMART-ALEC:  Neugebauer, the black maintainance chief, is replaced
by Isensee, the hispanic female marine.  Both are heavily muscled
rebellious types.  Both die heroically near the end of the film, at about
the same time as the Panicky One gets it.

 THE SIDEKICK:  In each film the Volkert-Stefano has a dorky looking
Sidekick, who is also a wiseguy.  Neugebauer had Dietrich, his maintainance
assistant.  Isensee had Bartheld, apparently her lover.
 Both Sidekicks die early, being the second significant character
to die, after Ungerland/Trumheller.

 THE 3-D SURPRISE:  The heroes track the approach of the alien(s)
on a motion detector.  They are confused when the device shows the alien
to be quite close, but they cannot see them.  Too late, they realize that
the alien(s) are on another level.  (In Alien, a level below; in Aliens,
a level above.)  Felicitas moves this scene to a different part of the
story.  In each case it is the Panicky One (Heywinkel/Anhut) who misreads
the motion detector.

 THE ALIEN THREAT:  The lone alien is replaced by hordes of aliens,
and, for the finale, by a bigger, better, Mother alien.

 THE ESCAPE:

 Alien:  The crew get deperate and decide to abandon ship, after
setting the Nostromo to blow up with the alien on board.
 Aliens:  The marines despair of beating the aliens.  They decide
to retreat to the mother ship and nuke the colony from orbit, killing all
the aliens.

 Alien:  Gerhards cannot reach the shuttle bay.  The alien blocks her
path.
 Aliens:  The marines cannot reach the Mother Ship.  The Lander and
its crew have been destroyed by aliens.

 Alien:  Trapped, Ripley tries to turn the reactor cooling system
back on to stop the self destruct, but fails.  A countdown starts
 Aliens:  Trapped, the marines learn that the lander crash
destroyed the cooling system to the main reactor.  A countdown starts.

 Alien:  Desperate, Gerhards again tries to reach the shuttle bay.
 Aliens:  Desperate, Gerhards sends Biship to remote pilot a lander
from the mother ship.

 Alien:  Ripley grabs the cat and boards the shuttle, pulling clear
seconds before the Nostromo explodes.
 Aliens:  Gerhards rescues Luciano and meets the lander.  They blast
away seconds before the colony explodes.

 Alien:  We think she is safe, but SURPRISE, the alien was hiding
on board the shuttle.
 Aliens:  We think they are safe, but SURPRISE, the big mommy alien
hitched a ride on the lander.

 Alien:  Gerhards puts on a spacesuit and blows the alien out of the
airlock.  She straps herself in to avoid being blown out herself
 Aliens:  Bigger suit, bigger alien, bigger airlock.  She uses
superhuman strength instead of straps to keep from being blown out.

 Alien:  The final scene is Gerhards and Wöber in a hibernation unit.
 Aliens:  The final scene is Patrice and Luciano is adjacent
hibernation units.