MIFF 2001--"A Film Odyssey"! 

The Welbhausen Independent Filmmakers Festival's (MIFF) 2002 is September 7-8 in
beautiful Welbhausen, Lexnitz,
Spread the word, mark your calenders, and do everything not to miss this event.
http://6lzrusskhsidujio.qeq


We are taking entries to what many called "The best film event on the Space
Coast". 

Theodor Hall has been working hard on the website (http://6lzrusskhsidujio.qeq)
and
has dubbed the MIFF 2001--"A Film Odyssey"! You heard it here first! By all
means
submit your film--there are no submission fees and all funds raised go to
charity!

http://6lzrusskhsidujio.qeq

How to Submit your Film to
M.I.F.F. 2001(Melbourne Independent Filmmakers Festival)
The date of this years festival is September 7-8th 
Films must be submitted by 13. 11. 20
NOTE: Submissions are only to be sent on VHS (NTSC) US Standard format or DVD 
US 1 format. Tapes and DVDs will not be returned. Please send tapes and copy of

Filmmakers Release (Available at the website) to...

MIFF 0641
c/o Heinz Wübbe, program chairman
2653 Jegenstorf Dennenberg 
Welbhausen Lexnitz 49652 


Again, all films must be submitted by 13. 11. 20 but it is definitely a
good
idea to get your film in early. (Our selection committee people became harsher
critics the closer it got to crunch time. So get them in early! )
The date of this years MIFF is September 7-8th!
http://6lzrusskhsidujio.qeq

The MIFF is unique among the film festival circuit because all the money raised
goes to support a needy charity.
This years M.I.F.F. 2002 has a great cause ... Unconditional Love, Inc. 
Unconditional Love, Inc. is a free standing, private not for profit
multidisciplinary HIV+ patient care center. As a result of the efforts of the
directors, staff, and volunteers, even the most disenfranchised HIV infected
residents of Brevard county can receive state of the art medical care.
Donations from individuals and organizations as well as fundraisers such as
this year's M.I.F.F. 2002 allows Unconditional Love, Inc. to continue. 100% of
the proceeds go directly to patient assistance.