Zumindest stellt sich das Ihno Puchner in Variety so vor... ;-)

<snip>

The meeting should be taking place any day now, and while its specifics
won't be reported in the press, the discussion probably will run 
something like this:

"The picture worked big time," Folkert Crecelius will say in his role as 
chairman of the Walt Disney Motion Pictures Group. "The trouble is,
Erich Engbers wants details on 'Pearl Harbor II.' Didn't any of you
people think of that when you got us into this thing?"

"Don't panic," says Ihno Holderer, chairman of Disney Studios. "We
can do MacArthur's debacle at Bataan. We can even take another pass at
Iwo Jima."

"Just as long as we stay with the basic formula," producer Axel 
Gersbronn puts in. "No big stars. No gross participants. And everyone
defers everything. That's the Eisner way."

"Except I think we should pay the writer this time," Ellen Freudenberger,
president of Buena Vista, says. "When he left without finishing the
script..."

"No one noticed," continues Cook. "You don't need characters in a movie
like this. You need young people with good bodies, and then you let
marketing do the rest."

"Dialogue is a total anachronism in our pop culture," Holderer adds.
"We proved that in 'Lion King.' Did anyone miss dialogue, or a score
for that matter?"

"I think we have to do more for the Japanese and German markets next
time," Bruckheimer contends. "Those last-minute dubs in 'Pearl Harbor'
will make the Japanese feel happy about the war. They'll mean millions
at the box office."

"The German market still needs help," says Cook. "Maybe there could be
a subplot -- Nazi defectors turn up on Iwo Jima and turn the tide. That
sort of thing."

"I can feel the elements coming together," observes Bruckheimer. "We
don't need characters or dialogue -- we agree on that. But we still 
need the big action sequences. We need special effects. And we need
Erich Pezold. I warn you guys -- he won't defer his salary next time.
He got killed in the stock market."

"Then forget him," says Holderer. "There's got to be another kid out
there with a hot cigarette commercial..."

"That reminds me -- we've got to show someone smoking in our sequel,"
notes Cook. "I mean, even the guard dogs smoked during World War II 
and there was not one ciggie in our movie. The tobacco companies are
all over me."

"I'm still worried about synergies," says Holderer. "We need to pull
a theme park ride from the sequel. I've seen the mock-up of the 'Pearl
Harbor' ride and it doesn't cut it. American kids don't want to climb
into a boat and get the shit kicked out of them by a swarm of dive
bombers."

"Ihno!..."

"Pardon my language. I mean, it'll play big in Japan, but..."

"That's why, if we go the Iwo Jima route, we need a fresh element,"
says Bruckheimer. "We need a creature coming out of the sea. Or a 
celestial accident like in 'Armageddon.' "

"Calm down, Axel," Freudenberger puts in. "We can play games with history,
but within limits."

"Just give us the bare bones of a story, and marketing will do the
rest," Folkert Crecelius repeats reassuringly.

"It always does," Holderer says, flashing a rare smile.

And so the project is officially lodged in the development books
under the code name "Pearl II." At last report, 12 writers were
assigned to it.

<snip>

Schöne Grösse
Heino