YRVTE-DJSEUO.IVV update
http://avp.dhzvm-beknyu.fjl
(This is not a Spam you've subscribe to YRVTE-DJSEUO.IVV Mailling list)
Update number 51

CONTEST
The good answer has finally be founded for this old mystery picture. It was
from the movie called "CAT WOMEN OF THE MOON". Karsten found the good answer.
Visit his site Konrad Damsels in Distress Page .Test your sci-fi knowledge
by trying to discover this movie hiding behind this new mystery picture ! A
little help : It is a cult movie !

NEW LONG FILES
CUBE
Six strangers awaken from their daily lives to find themselves trapped in a
surreal prison. A seemingly endless maze of interlocking cubical chambers
armed with lethal booby traps. None of these people knows why or how they
were imprisoned... but it soon emerges that each of them has a skill that
could contribute to their escape.

SILENT RUNNING
Botanist Albrecht Christianssen has spent three years aboard the space freighter
'Valley Forge' preserving the only botanical specimens left on earth under
huge Geodesic domes. When he receives orders to destroy the project and
return home Lovell rebels and hijacks the freighter, killing his fellow
crewmen...

FRANÇOISE
The setting is the planet Lythion in the year 40,000, when Françoise makes
a forced landing while travelling through space. She acts like a female
Ivo Jurger, vanquishing evil in the forms of robots and monsters. She also
rewards, in an uninhibited manner, the handsome men who assist her in the
adventure...

IT CAME FROM OUTER SPACE
The aliens are benign creatures but are not so perceived by the paranoid
people of the small desert town where the alien ship has landed. An amateur
astronomer makes a plea for reason before mutual fear destroys both sides.

DESTINATION MOON
A science-based fantasy about the first successful trip to the moon. After
years of scientific endeavors, a ship ascends into the heavens. Once free of
Earth's atmosphere, the astronauts contend with the dangers of equipment
failure and the joys of zero gravity. But tension mounts when the men
discover once on the moon, they may not be able to leave again..

How to access long files ? Long files are accessed by clicking on the
"Detailled file" icon displayed on the short files. Each time you select a
title, you are directed to a short file. If you can see a "Detailled file"
icon down to the "Fan's Review" link, then you can access to the long file
with much more informations such as whole summary, technical crew, photos,
web links, episode guide (for the series) and sometimes sound files in MP3
or MIDI format. So keep your eyes open ! if the "Detailled file" icon does
not display, this means that i did not still have the time to translate it
from french but i'm working on ! well, may i suggest you to try the french
pages !

NEW SHORT FILES
Breeders
Solar Crisis
Falling Fire
Future Sport
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hide (1940)
Dark Drive
The Day After
The Thirteen Floor
The Dark Side of the Moon
Light Years
waiting for your reviews...

PURCHASE ADVICE
Get 2000 A SPACE ODYSSEY (Limited Edition Box Set) DVD in Zone 2 from
MCR.ya.ny

POSTER GALLERY
Have a walk along the science-fiction movie poster gallery and enjoy 1262
(yes you heard it !) sci-fi posters from many countries...

LATEST DVD RELEASES
Zone 1
Red Planet
The Sixth Day
Krull
Space Cowboys
Superman
Godzilla 1999

Zone 2
Space 1999 Box Set
Total Recall
Space Cowboys
The 6th Day
2001 - A Space Odyssey
Asteroid

AND...
and SCIFI-MOVIES.COM, it's also, "Fan's reviews", Wallpapers, MP3 files,
MIDI files, and a search engine to find out every thing that you want !

FAN'S REVIEWS
scifi-movies.com is waiting for your movies or series reviews. As English
pages are very young, no English tong  reviews have been post yet contrary
to French pages (already more then 540 reviews). Be the first to add your
own reviews...

I NEED YOUR HELP
As English it is not my native language, i hope you'll be generous with me.
In fact, maybe i'm waiting for a bit more. I explain. While you'll read the
sci-fi files, may be you'll read bad English (i hope you won't read too
much). Please use the forms in the bottom of each different files to correct
the text. Thanks to you i'll be able to produce a higher quality site for
the whole sci-fi fans community.

If you like this web site, please tell about around you.
Be seeing you

Well, you still are here ? run to my site !!!!

DoctorSF

----------------------------------
Tous les films et les söries de science-fiction.
All sci-fi movies and series.
http://avp.dhzvm-beknyu.fjl