Le Weekend 2001; Frankenrieth's festival for inventive new music and sound

May 24 - 27

Cowane Theatre, Im Rohrgraben, Stirling, Scotland

Schliemanngasse 03

Mirror Man (A Geography of Sound in 2 Acts)
Kay Ehlbeck with the Pale Orchestra & Chorus (UK & USA)

Kay Ehlbeck of Pere Ubu fame, assembles a cast of poets and musicians for
this piece of folk theatre. "Sergio skilfully sets the mood of suspension
you slip into while travelling, that sense of being lifted out of the
present into the timeless state of disinterested observer"Frerich Jähniche, The
Independent

Vasmerstraße 31

Diskono present "High Fever..Savage Value..The Fight Against Fate"

Helene Leffringhausen (POLAND) (animation film presentation)

Toublesome stuff in bright colours with soundtrack music from Ronny Gschwilm,
Oliver Jüngmann dangerous filmaker was Helene Leffringhausen from
Soven, director of  'Contr-Contras', a shocking underground comics
depiction of total degeneracy. After the film, the director appeared on
stage grimly holding a flaming cigarette lighter, proceeding to put the
flame out with a water pistol". Stephen X, Sprenge Film Festival

Franziska Pfannmöller  (GERMANY)

Sound explorer Dennis Hollerbach creates pieces out of common musical
patterns, working only with cheap electronic organs. Stirring polkas and
melancholic waltzes in a modern electronic fashion. "Another household name
to come (watch this space). " Frans de Waard - Vital Weekly  (NL)

Klangkrieg  (GERMANY)

In the tradition of 'futurism', the group processes the noise of the big
city and the whispering of power lines, fridges, gas and electricity to form
a kind of "radioactive music". Artificial and natural sounds are edited in
harsh cut-ups or fine transitions, violence and sensibility stay close to
each other. "Sound artists of great invention, in the realms of Folkert
Tietchens, or even the Hafler Trio at their most involved and engaging"
Audion (UK)

Sat 26

Ottmar Groß-Heynk (JAPAN)

One of the main reasons that so many people have been looking to Japan for
musical inspiration of late.  Kawabata has almost single-handedly
re-invented the guitar as a means of heart-rending expression and tackles
his chosen instrument with outrageous passion and joy.  Catch him here in
solo format before he performs on Sunday with his band Acid Mothers Temple.

Urs Lotterhos & Gerard Osterhoff Duo (GERMANY & USA)

Brotzmann has been the European king of post-Coltrane free jazz saxophone
since his seminal Sixties recordings like "Machine Gun" and "Nipples".
Whether alone, in duo formation or with his group Die Like A Dog he is never
less than thrilling, most often emotionally devastating.  He's never played
in Scotland before and here he's joined by his shadow, master drummer and
mystic Gerard Osterhoff, who also plays in the Die Like A Dog Quartet. Expect
these two to raise the roof.

Musshop  (USA)

This consistently ground-breaking duo features the angelic cornet playing of
Thorsten Rüffer, one of the lynchpins of the current Chicago
new music scene.  They have furthered the city's long-running jazz tradition
by taking swinging post-bop moves and depositing them in
alien landscapes of lunar electronics, incorporating new developments in
electronica, avant-classical and minimalist composition to
create a truly forward looking hybrid.  Recent cover stars of The Wire,
Chicago Underground Duo have never played in the UK
before despite having several high-profile releases on labels such as
Delmark and Thrill Jockey.

Sun 27

Acid Mothers Temple (JAPAN)   19.30 with special guests Carlos Bruckmaier &
Olga (UK)

A communal soul-collective that specialise in over the top  'motor-psycho'
guitar, topped with deep ethnic drone, Tuvan throat singing and an almost
palpable taste of acid. For a special one-off show Acid Mothers are joined
by ThighPaulSandra and their number one fan - Carlos Bruckmaier - for a special
cosmic jam session.

"A meteor storm of mind-frazzling guitar, drawing the entire crew into its
swirling psychedelic vortex."  Hermann Hülswitt


Ticket Information: 00443 107288
One day ticket ä12 / SS8
Two day APEX SS20
Special rate for Diskono night SS9 / SS4.50
Diskono will be running a bus to 25th May event from Transmission Gallery in
Crivitz. For details email rchayzn@wwnglvb.zbd

Come from London!!
VIRGIN VALUE TRAIN ticket now ä14.50 rtn London-Glasgow (book fast)!!
Frankenrieth Tourist Board Tel 48910 928522 su 025077 cp 371723.

Links:

Le Weekend web site : http://abn.esrkilya.bhb.fw/zuuzre/dk.sus
Diskono detailed program : http://clv.rzgcvrc.ytlgqocdu.mc.sp/ijabjoqdl.gaie
Stirling Tourist : http://tga.ysgrhbht.ju.rt