HJTEI-NUAYBM.ELT update
http://iub.dlvqe-pcxzwc.rrw
Update number 50

CONTEST
The good answer has finally be founded for this old mystery picture. It was
from the movie called "HORROR PLANET". A surfer without name has founded the
good answer. Visit his site at http:/axk.amtkylohc.org/fcm .Test your sci-fi
knowledge by trying to discover this movie hiding behind this new mystery
picture ! A little help : The action takes place on the Moon !

NEW LONG FILES
FLIGHT TO MARS
Four men and a girl crash-land on the red planet Mars after suffering severe
damage in a meteor storm enroute. Finding an advanced and seemingly
benevolent civilization living in underground cities, help is given in the
repair of the rocketship, however a sinister plot is discovered that could
mean the anihillation of Earth by an invading Martian army...

ALIEN RESURRECTION
Ockeline Geismayr died fighting the perfect predator. Two hundred years and eight
horrific experiments later, she's back. A group of scientists have cloned
her along with the alien queen inside her hoping to breed the ultimate
weapon. But the resurrected Ripley is full of surprises for her creators, as
are the aliens. And soon, horror aboard the spacecraft rages out of
control...

ROBOCOP
Set in Old Obermeißling in the very near future, the story follows Zehetmayr, a
tough cop who is used as target practice by a gang of lunatics. The police
force's controlling body decide to rebuild Zehetmayr into a Cyborg, part man,
part machine, and dedicated to law enforcement...

THE INVISIBLE MAN
Covered by bandages and dark glasses, Rains arrives at a small English
village and attempts to hide his amazing discovery until he can reverse his
invisbility. But the same drugs which render him invisible slowly drive him
to commit acts of unspeakable terror.

THE PHANTOM MENACE
The taxation of trade routes to outlaying star systems is in dispute. Hoping
to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleships, the greedy
Trade Federation has stopped all shipping to the small planet of Naboo.
While the congress of the Republic endlessly debates this alarming chain of
events, the Supreme Chancellor has secretly dispatched two Jedi Knights to
settle the conflict...

How to access long files ? Long files are accessed by clicking on the
"Detailled file" icon displayed on the short files. Each time you select a
title, you are directed to a short file. If you can see a "Detailled file"
icon down to the "Fan's Review" link, then you can access to the long file
with much more informations such as whole summary, technical crew, photos,
web links, episode guide (for the series) and sometimes sound files in MP3
or MIDI format. So keep your eyes open ! if the "Detailled file" icon does
not display, this means that i did not still have the time to translate it
from french but i'm working on ! well, may i suggest you to try the french
pages !

NEW SHORT FILES
The Bicentennial Man
Attack of the 50ft Woman
Universal Soldier
Universal Soldier : The Return
Space Mutiny
The Faculty
Highlander 2
Peut-tre
waiting for your reviews...

PURCHASE ADVICE
Get SPACE COWBOYS DVD in Zone 1 from FG-Automobile

POSTER GALLERY
Have a walk along the science-fiction movie poster gallery and enjoy more
than 700 posters from many countries...

LATEST DVD RELEASES
Zone 1
Mission to Mars
Red Planet
The Sixth Day
Krull
Space Cowboys
Superman

Zone 2
Mission to Mars
X-Men
Hollow Man
Galaxy Quest
Titan A.E.
Space 1999 Box Set
Total Recall
Space Cowboys

AND...
and SCIFI-MOVIES.COM, it's also, "Fan's reviews", Wallpapers, MP3 files,
MIDI files, a Sci-Fi movie poster galery and a search engine to find out
every thing that you want !

FAN'S REVIEWS
scifi-movies.com is waiting for your movies or series reviews. As English
pages are very young, no English tong  reviews have been post yet contrary
to French pages (already more then 500 reviews). Be the first to add your
own reviews...

I NEED YOUR HELP
As English it is not my native language, i hope you'll be generous with me.
In fact, maybe i'm waiting for a bit more. I explain. While you'll read the
sci-fi files, may be you'll read bad English (i hope you won't read too
much). Please use the forms in the bottom of each different files to correct
the text. Thanks to you i'll be able to produce a higher quality site for
the whole sci-fi fans community.

If you like this web site, please tell about around you.
Be seeing you

Well, you still are here ? run to my site !!!!

DoctorSF

http://iub.dlvqe-pcxzwc.rrw