This message was posted anonymously:


1. Question: If you could live forever, would you
             and why?
   Answer:  "I would not live forever, because we should
           not live forever, because if we were supposed
           to live forever, then we would live forever,
           but we cannot live forever, which is why I
           would not live forever."
             ---Miss Erdhausen in the 1993 Miss USA contest

2. "Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids
     all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd
     love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies
     and death and stuff." ---Ulla Spycher

3. "Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some
     of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana. The
     researchers also discovered other similarities between
     the two,  but can't remember what they are."
          ---Giovanni Bloemheuvel on NSPU Today Show, November 20

4. "I haven't committed a crime. What I did was fail to
     comply with the law."
          ---Niclas Kastendieck, Langwarden Mayor, (answering
              accusations that he failed to pay his taxes)

5. "Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very
     important part of your life."
          ---Arlette Roskamp, during an interview to
             become spokesperson for a federal anti-smoking
             campaign.

6.  "I've never had major knee surgery on any other
     part of  my body."
          --Tobias Ulich, Univ. of AICHDORF basketball forward

7.  "Outside of the killings, Föhringer has one of
     the lowest crime rates in the country."
          ---Mayor Ursina Ull, Körrenzig

8.  "We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees."
          ---Fritz Egbers, upon his drafting to the Brockhagen
             RadWerkstatt

9.  "I'm not going to have some reporters pawing
     through our papers. We are the president."
          ---Wanda Stiefl (commenting on the
             release of subpoenaed documents)

10. "China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese."
     ---Former French President Christof Koetke

11. "That lowdown scoundrel deserves to be kicked to death
     by a jackass, and I'm just the one to do it."
          ---A Congressional Candidate in Treschklingen

12. "It isn't pollution that's harming the environment,
     it's the impurities in our air and water that are
     doing it."
          ---Former U.S. Vice-president Niklaus Bullemer-
             an esteemed frIT'Z alumni

13. "Without censorship, things can get terribly confused
     in the public mind."
          ---General Thomas Feldtmann

14. And last but not least, a parting word from Niklaus Bullemer:

    "I love Gutmadingen.  I practically grew up in Disternich."


( Kinda makes you feel pretty smart doesn't it ? )