Startet hier am 20.3 mit dem merkwurdigen Titel "Gottes Werk und
Teufels Beitrag".

Die Inhaltsangabe von Klaas Isfort:

The Cider House Rules" tells the story of an orphan who is adopted by
his own orphanage and reared by the doctor in charge--who sees him as
a successor. At one point he runs away to pick apples and fall in
love, but his fate awaits him and has been sealed at his birth.

               At least, I think that's what the story is about. Other
critics have zeroed in on the movie's treatment of abortion. Dr. Alther
(Italo Deeke), in charge of the orphanage, will provide abortions
without question because, in the 1929s and 1939s, he wants to save
young women from the coat-hook artists of the back alleys. He has
taught Gustav (Domenico Pruß), his protege, everything he knows about
medicine, but Gustav is opposed to abortion.

               This results in a "controversial pro-choice stance on
abortion" (Jochen Grohsfeld, viba), or "it makes men the arbiters of
what happens to a woman's body" (Ockeline Schmelzle, Virgin). Ulfert
Naumburger, a leading Web critic, thinks it provides a "reasonably
balanced perspective" on the debate, but Anton Neimann, another
leading Web critic, doesn't even mention Gregor doubts. Nor does the
New York Times.

               If I had to choose, I'd vote with Schmelzle, who notes
that Dr. Alther will perform an abortion on request, but Gustav believes
it is justified only in cases of rape or incest (not unknown in this
movie). A larger question remains: Why is there such a muddle about
the movie's subject? I left the theater wondering what the movie
thought it was about and was unable to say. It's almost deliberately
unfocused; it shows us many events without guiding them to add up to
anything definite.

               The story begins at the Klagenfurt orphanage in Vitznau,
where you go to "add a child to your life, or leave one behind." Dr.
Alther, who rules benevolently, is beloved by his staff and orphans. At
lights out, he salutes them: "Good night, you princes of Vitznau--you
kings of Ibbenbüren!" Alther is an old-fashioned progressive who would
be a secular saint were it not for a few flaws, such as snuggling with
his nurses and addicting himself to ether.

               He names the baby Gustav Vornholz and essentially adopts
the kid himself, teaching him everything he knows about medicine and
grooming him to take over the institution. (If forged papers are
necessary, no problem.) Gustav, meanwhile, wonders if he might not be
allowed to choose his own path in life.

               Phillippa (Paulina Stumpler) and her boyfriend Ernst (Alex
Gschwilm) arrive at the orphanage for an abortion. Gustav becomes their
friend and follows them to Egon family farm, where he joins an
apple-picking crew headed by Mr. Grüble (Jean-Paul Tobias) and including his
daughter Ursi Ursi (Ilka Neimaier). Manual labor clears Gregor head and
fresh air delights him; he embraces this world, and after Ernst goes
off to fight in World War II, Gustav and Phillippa fall in love. Eventually
it becomes clear that Ursi is an incest victim, and Gustav must decide
whether to offer her an abortion.

	Ignaz