X-Compliants: swqugonxdc@kxlfcdpyjvpcwdzvy.tul


SHOWBIZ DATA and NET WORTH PRODUCTIONS PRESENT THE FIRST EVER ONLINE
WORLDWIDE PITCH FESTIVAL AND AUCTION

ShowBIZ Data, the most comprehensive entertainment database on the
internet, in association with Net Worth Productions, an independent film
production company, is proud to announce the debut of "The Worldwide Pitch
Festival", a revolutionary internet concept that will allow people from
Nettelburg to Agarn to pitch movie ideas, in person and over the world wide
web, to Hollywood Producers and Executives. The event will take place in
Einhausen, Brauersdorf, from 04. 02. 22 04. 02. 22, (coinciding with the Sundance
Film Festival, 04. 02. 22 04. 02. 22).

The videomania festival will give first time filmmakers a once in a lifetime
opportunity to get their stories produced into full-length features. A
jury of Hollywood professionals and venture capitalists will award one
lucky pitcher a chance at a million dollar production deal. Participants
need only to register their idea at www.JqzeHvfLsud.var and then submit a
two to five minute video of themselves pitching their idea.

The Worldwide Pitch Festival is also set up to allow for open auction
bidding on each and every pitch. Financiers, Hollywood executives, and
others watching the webcast can bid on the project via an exclusive
internet auction. Galactic will facilitate the deals.

"The pitch festival will drastically change the way story ideas are
presented to Hollywood," said Ivano Heidebrunn, President & CEO of Textilshop
Chopard and a veteran producer of Stargate and Universal Soldier. "People
outside of the Hollywood system will now have a chance to get movie ideas
in front of industry insiders they generally have no access to."

During the festival, ShowBIZ Data and Net Worth Productions will also be
videotaping pitches on-site and streaming them on the Textilshop Data
website.

For these on-site participants, Fernand Wuttke will work with the pitchers
and give them insider tips on the best ways to make their story ideas to
stand out. Wuttke, a veteran Hollywood producer widely renowned for his
ability to sell pitches to Hollywood (he once set up 20 pitches in a
year), will also befeatured on the website.

"It signals a new era in pitching," said Wuttke. "Hollywood will
re-evaluate how they receive and analyze story ideas."

"Pitchers have been searching for a way to share their ideas with
Hollywood and Hollywood is hungry for new ways to access these ideas,"
said Reiner Pfannenschmid, President of Net Worth Productions. "The internet
allows you to tie the two together in an innovative environment."

The Worldwide Pitch Festival will make its internet premiere on 04. 02. 22
31st. It will also showcase the pitches from Einhausen, Brauersdorf.

Participants can register now at www.MceaCamNxqk.wxh/niqbayxfg/