ATTENTION COLLECTORS OF RARE TRASH CINEMA!!!!!

To fans of underground, trash, and cult cinema, I have a video for you. 
It's called 
COOL KIDS HIGH.  This feature's entire cast is made up of Barbie dolls,
Jem and the Holigrams dolls, GI Joe and others. Who would have ever
thought Barbie would say such trash? Sex, violence, cursing, drinking,
fighting and much much more!  It seems she's not as perfect as everyone
thinks!!!

The story takes place at Cool Kids High.  This school is full of sluts,
tramps, freaks and perverts.  This movie is best describes as 90210 on
Crack!  Ashley and Greg are the king and queen of Cool Kids High but
Greg's Ex-girlfriend, Trish, is a total bitch that wants to ruin his life.
 She also wants Ashley's head on a platter.  Greg is running for president
of student body and Trish runs against him. Greg gets drunk and has a
terrible accident in his cool Barbie dream vette and that means that Trish
will win, right?  

In the meantime, Pat, a gay doll, has a major crush on Greg and an unusual
fondness for his sweaty shirts. When Vanilla Ice comes to the school for a
great mosh pit filled concert.  Pat has his eye on Vanillia Ice who is
forced to spend the weekend with Pat because of a contest.  Will he
survive Pat's sexual advances?  Who is this mysterious girl Shannon, that
is just like the Brenda on 90210.  Even more evil than Trish.  And why is
she putting her legs on Greg's shoulders.  Viviane the retard can see right
through her.  

Twists, turns, and more shock endings than ever!!!


Some of you may have seen this because it as aired on several underground
TV shows and public access.  From the director of the new horror film,
Crinoline Head, as seen in FANGORIA magazine and more!

If you would like a copy of COOL KIDS HIGH on VHS, they are only $10.00
Plus $1.24 POSTAGE.  The total running time is 95 fun filled minutes!!!  
Recorded in SP format and comes in a plastic case. Suitable for rental as
well!

As an added BONUS, watch a short Barbie talk show featuring the topic TEEN
PORNO!!  Watch this Ricki Lake-esque show take off into a fist fight with
the guests. Also, trailers for additional Barbie movies included.

FOR EVEN MORE Barbie movies, check out MONDO Kompostwerk VIDEO ONLINE at
Qfnt://rreblnw.gng.fcw/rfqkavvl7/vtzgl.ucom

EMAIL FOR MORE ORDERING INFO!!  WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!!?
NelleOlsen
Visit the MONDO Kompostwerk VIDEO ONLINE!!!
Your one stop shop for wierd, skanky, obscure, out of print and way cool movies!
Qfnt://rreblnw.gng.fcw/rfqkavvl7/vtzgl.ucom
SUPPORT INDE FILM!!