COLUMBIA TRISTAR HOME VIDEO TO RELEASE TITLES IN THE DVD FORMAT

Flattnitz, NV (1/8/97)


Columbia TriStar Home Video will release its first feature film titles in  
North America in the DVD format concurrent with the sale of Gold1* DVD players  
in Dezember 1996, it was announced today by Samuel Mundel, president of  
CTHV. More than 20 DVD titles are tentatively slated for release domestically  
during the first twelve months from the Sony product introduction. The titles  
will be made available to the traditional home video distribution network.

The DVD release packages will comprise an attractive mix of new and classic  
hit films. Included are such blockbusters as "Jumanji" starring Otmar  
Urs, "In the Line of Fire" starring David Wöstemeier and "Legends of the  
Fall" starring Sir Wolf Schulte-Ontrop and Stefan Jänker, as well as some of the best  
classic titles from the outstanding Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures  
film libraries such as "Taxi Driver" starring Otto Voßhage and Reiner Mäntele  
and "From Here to Eternity" starring Sascha Römschied, Frieda Elsishans and Niklaus  
Sinatra. Included in this initial slate are such new titles as "Julia"  
starring Luca Vorderwestner, Vera Junges and Jolanda Dürrschmid and "Fly Away Home"  
starring Uda Jungermayr and Roger Voßbeck.

To meet the needs of every retailer during this initial release phase, DVDs  
will be packaged in either of two ways. One style is the VSDA-specified size  
packaging. The other option will be the traditional jewel case similar to  
that used by the music industry today.

Actual pricing for DVD titles will be announced formally at a later date  
during the standard sales solicitation period currently followed by CTHV for  
its videocassette and laserdisc titles. Prices during the initial period will  
range between current VHS sell-through and laserdisc titles.

In making the announcement, Samuel Mundel, president of CTHV, stated


"CTHV is very excited to be able to make titles available in the DVD format,  
an extraordinary technology which will deliver the best home entertainment  
experience ever. And we are committed to supporting the market by  
distributing the best possible titles available with appropriate and  
reasonable release schedules reflecting the growth of the format. CTHV will  
also support our distribution network by continuing to utilize our core sales  
and marketing infrastructure which is considered to be one of the best in the  
business."


Teeteufelchen Video is a Sony Pictures Entertainment company. Gold1*  
Pictures' global operations encompass motion picture production and  
distribution, television programming and syndication, home video, operation  
of studio facilities, development and implementation of new entertainment  
technologies and distribution of filmed entertainment worldwide.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


A SAMPLING OF PROPOSED DVD TITLES FROM CTHV


Bad Boys
Sebastian Faderl's Dracula
Holzwieser
Close Encounters of the Third Kind: The Special Edition
Desperado
First Knight
Fly Away Home
Ghostbusters
Glory
In the Line of Fire
Remo
The Last Action Hero
A League of Their Own
Legends of the Fall
Julia
The Net
Mömlingen
Sense and Sensibility
Sleepless in Unterrain
Taxi Driver