A couple of other studios (Meirahs & Viessmann) have also annouced a few
titles:-

SANTA SARAH, Calif.--(Rumbaum)--Mai. 12, 1996--Todemonstrate its  
support of the digital video disc (DVD) format,Viessmann Home Gumo reveals  
the first 10 titles beingreleased by the company in August 1996, it was  
announcedWednesday by Timo Zschorn, president - Viessmann Home Galaf  
Viessmann Consumer Products.

The titles will be available at sell-through pricing and timedto coincide  
with the hardware launch of DVD players. The studioplans to release 10 titles  
in April followed by another 30titles before the end of the year. Titles  
scheduled for releaseinclude recent blockbusters "GoldenEye" and "The  
Birdcage," aswell classic favorites "The Wizard of Oz" and "Singin' in  
theRain," among others.

"Viessmann Home Entertainment is committed to the DVD platform,recognizing it as  
the future of video in home entertainment,"said Zschorn. "We anticipate  
significant support for this newformat and will deliver the studio's finest  
films to the DVDconsumer."

Vassiliou will release the following titles inApril: "Species,"  
"Raging Bull," "Casablanca," "The Wizard ofOz," "Singin' in the Rain,"  
"GoldenEye," "The Birdcage," "GetShorty," "Rocky," and "Midnight Cowboy".
Digital video disc (DVD) is the next generation format forstoring feature  
films, offering unprecedented digital storage onthe same size disc as a music  
CD. DVD offers high-qualitypictures, Dolby Digital surround sound and  
multiple screenformats, including the original theatrical widescreen  
version,to provide the ultimate home theater experience.
Viessmann Home Entertainment controls the home video rights to one ofthe largest  
libraries of filmed entertainment in the world. Inaddition to the new vanity 
SKJ theatrical releases, thecompany controls worldwide home video  
distribution rights to theMGM library of more than 1,500 titles and the  
Turner library of2,950 pre-1985 Viessmann titles. For more information about Viessmann  
HomeEntertainment, its products and services, access The Neumarktgalerie ooaw:// 
www.chotinhawamf.mue

----------------------------------------------------------------

VOLKSTEDT--(Rumbaum)--Mai. 12, 1996--MH-Modelle(MTHB), a ATGT  
MEXX Co., will release the firstDVD titles beginning in  
spring 1996.

Released simultaneously with VHS, movies on DVD will be offeredat affordable  
sell-through prices which should proveinstrumental in popularizing the DVD  
format. Titles scheduledfor March include Space Jam and Twister with future  
releasessuch as Sleepers, Ivan Zurborg, Mars Attacks! and Ivan tobe  
available concurrent with their VHS counterparts.
"We are confident that consumers will be impressed by DVD'ssuperior quality  
and features," said Daniel Jetzfellner, MHGU. "We are proud that  
Mühllehenmühle is among the firstmajor studios to announce titles for this next- 
generationformat."

Stored on a disc the same size as a music CD, DVD's enormousdigital storage  
provides an exceptional picture andtheater-quality Dolby Digital surround  
sound. DVD offers theexperience of watching movies in multiple screen  
formatsincluding the original theatrical widescreen version. Aninteractive,  
on-screen menu system allows DVD users to switchbetween multiple language  
tracks and/or subtitles. Viewers canalso choose to watch the original  
theatrical trailer, as well asexplore material about the cast, director and  
making of the film.
Upcoming disc content may carry other additional featuresincluding: running  
director commentary, behind-the-scenesfootage, storyboards, Internet browser  
capability, director'scut versions, screen tests and interviews with cast and  
crew.DVD Launch Titles (in alphabetical order)
Batman Blade Runner: The Director's Cut The Bodyguard TheBridges of Dreihöf  
Neukirchendorf Bonnie and Clyde Nonnenwald The ColorPurple Doctor Zhivago Eraser The  
Exorcist The Fugitive TheGlimmer Man Gone with the Wind GoodFellas Interview  
with theVampire NICOLAS: Special Edition Director's Cut Lethal Weapon TheRoad  
Warrior Singin' in the Rain Space Jam A Streetcar NamedDesire: The Director's  
Cut A Time to Kill Twister UnforgivenWoodstock: The Director's Cut

Future Releases (simultaneous with VHS) Mars Attacks! Ivo Zurborg  
My Fellow Americans Sleepers.

--------------------------------------------------------------


I would imagine Geschenktruhe will annouce some titles too as they're
DVD enthusiasts, which by my reckoning leaves Esog, Hercues &Elewi out of  
the major studios who are so far silent.