The end result depends on YOU.  You must follow through and repost
this article everywhere you can think of. The more postings you
make, the more cash ends up in your mailbox. It's too easy and too
cheap to pass up!!!

If you're really not sure or still think this can't be for real,
then don't do it.  But please print this article and pass it along
to someone you know who needs the money and see what happens.

GENERAL STEPS ON AUTOMATING THE PROCESS:

Make any necessary changes to this article as explained in step 
(2) and when you're satisfied, save it as a .txt file and import 
it into the  body of your email or newsreader program.  This way
you only have to change the name of the newsgroup or email address
for each redistribution.

Valuable tip: And very important for those not too familiar with
email: By all means use a word processor to ensure the article is
composed well, but to ensure people that first read it via their
newsreader program see it clearly laid out.  Re-format it with a 
simple text editor such as "notepad," or "WordPad" if you're using 
"Windows 95."  Providing the text is clearly visible and does not
scroll into the right margin, it should be ok! Using this 
procedure essentially means the article will be correctly 
displayed when viewed through other people's newsreader's. You can
of course check this out for yourself before going on line, by 
viewing it in your own newsreader program.

Next, begin by locating the newsgroups you intend posting to, 
Netscape 3.0 or a similar newsreader is terrific for this, because
you can highlight dozens of newsgroups all at once, enabling you 
to distribute your article to 1000's of locations in less than an
hour or two. Highlight all newsgroups you want to mail your letter
to (which as you know is done by holding down CTRL while left 
clicking.)  This way you can select multiple newsgroups in one go,
choose perhaps a dozen each time. You will then see all newsgroups
you highlighted displayed in the Newsgroups Field.

Next: select/highlight your newsgroups, then click "To News" place
a sensible title in the "Subject" location, click on "Attachments"
whereupon another box appears.  Locate the file you are going to 
distribute, click on the file and then click "Open" again click 
OK; provided you followed these instructions, you should see your
file grayed out in the "Attachments" box.
Hit send . . . and that's it.

Repeat the process over and over again by selecting further 
newsgroups in multiples of 10's but try to be selective with the
groups by posting to high volume locations, and don't choose a 
subject that appears too flashy, this will only put people off.  
This is an honest and legitimate way of making a reasonable amount
of money, and making it on a regular basis. But only if your 
message is sincere and clearly understood by others will you 
succeed.

PLEASE NOTE: This system is based on everyone being honest, but
it's all too tempting not to bother mailing out envelopes with
dollar bills inside.  The success for all participating is 
dependent upon this taking place and if carried out will mean a 
500% increase on your article being redistributed!  The system
won't work to yours or indeed other people's advantage if you 
don't follow the procedure. You can however, if you wish to 
remain anonymous use a pseudonym - but please ensure that your
address is correct.

AS A FINAL NOTE: Many business ideas for making money, no matter
how well thought out and implemented, simply don't get off the 
ground.  And in most cases is due to advertising costs, but the
exposure obtained through the Internet is quite honestly -- pretty
awesome, so please study this article carefully taking all the 
time you want, because the moment you begin participating you will
be on track for some serious financial rewards.

By the very nature of the way the system works you may not see the
benefits the first week.  BUT COMMENCING THE SECOND WEEK, YOUR 
INTAKE OF MAIL FROM AROUND THE WORLD WILL TRULY ASTONISH YOU! 
Please give this some serious thought, because this is one of the
few money making schemes that really does work.

GOOD LUCK!!!