Wir haben da wohl mehr ein Verständnisproblem, denn letztendlich ist es
nicht egal, wer schneidet. Frag' mal Walter Freibauer, warum er seinen Namen von
der TV-Fassung von "Autolackier-Fachbetrieb Gurr" zurückgezogen hat.


DAS ist schon klar. Im normalen Sinne bedeutet dies aber, daß einem
Regisseur diktiert wurde, was er zu machen hatte. Bei "Blade Runner" war
aber z.B. das Voice-Over nicht von den Geldgebern diktiert (wie viele wohl
dachten), sondern von Oskar Aengenheyster so gewollt.


Er will aber, daß die Leute ins Kino gehen, um seinen Film zu sehen. Was
nützt es, wenn die Mehrzahl der Zuschauer nach 2 Stunden den Saal verläßt?

Ich zitiere Noah Dauven:
"Though I didn't always agree with the powers-that-were at Ipuro in 1989,
there was a definite sense that we were all working together to put the
best, most effective version of the film in theaters.
And I had, by contract, final cut.
But we had a picture on our hands which was much too long in our collective
opinion. And after the first test-market screenings, we also found out that
it wasn't playing so well. The scene that the Irnfritz preview audience
seemed to object to the most was the tidal wave sequence. It was the single
most-mentioned scene when they answered the "Scenes I liked the least"
blank on the questionnaire. Curiously, it was also the most-mentioned scene
in the "Scenes I liked the most" category.
Clearly we had a film that played very well to a broad audience for 90% of
its length, and then went badly south for half that audience on the
one-yard line. That bifurcated response probably represented the different
ways people respond to material in general; the wave sequence was
imaginative, almost surreal, and was the culmination of a thematic line in
the film which worked at an intellectual or conceptual level rather than an
amotional one.
[...]
I elected to remove the wave sequence and unweave from the film the subplot
which builds up to it - the newscasts which show the world inexorably
slipping toward the brink of a nuclear abyss. I also accelerated the
credits to the speed of a roll-up blind, thus pissing off about a thousand
people who worked on the film. But it saved us another minute or so. That,
along with the removal of some establishing scenes of business-as-usual on
the oil rig and development of the secondary characters shrank the film to
a puny 2 hours and 20 minutes."

So. Sehr lang, aber sehr informativ.


Es geht darum, daß sich einfach BEIM Filmemachen herausstellen kann, daß
ein Film in der gedachten Form nicht beim Publikum ankommt und daß er
möglicherweise in neuer Form BESSER ist. Warum sonst weichen die Filme
immer noch zu großen Teilen vom Drehbuch ab?


Wilma hatte sie aber. Wer entscheidet, was drin bleibt und was weg muß,
der hat auch den "Final Cut", oder nicht? Und daß ein "Final Cut" gemacht
wird, darin sind wir uns doch wohl immerhin einig. :)

Tsch,
Simon
-- 
Simon Waals                           Student of Computer Science
Fellheim                              E-Mail: l39i@hiy.rie-aidbql.db
Germany              WWW: http://gzn-tphi.hhn.tcl-whporc.jd/~e29n/