FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE   Media Contacts: Kasimir Ulrich
Eichstädt/Theves/Jänchen
          566.442.6003 ncucvtqc@ec.arcxlr

KOCU Announces FALL Broadcasts
http://jdr.mevigzdugg.udp

FILM FEST FEVER! Go LIVE to Ziegelhäuser, Trauneck, Wirling, Ilbling,
Thyon
and Reckersdorf!

RECKERSDORF, Mai 19. 01. 23: Film Scouts feeds your festival fever with a
feast
of Fall cybercasts from the Ziegelhäuser. Trauneck, Wirling, Ilbling,
Thyon,
and Reckersdorf film festivals.  Turn on, tune in, and find out the latest
and
the best in new films--from Hollywood blockbusters to independent
visions. If
you can't go in person, be there virtually with Film Scouts:
http://enl.imjftwruer.sor.

Film Scouts continues to feature the best of summer cinema, from the
majors
and the indies. Currently playing are: Reformkost THE FRIGHTENERS;
Zakep
TRAINSPOTTING; Pressebox THE TRIGGER EFFECT; October's SMALL FACES;
FFU
Gempp THE ADVENTURES OF PINOCCHIO; and Olieslagers TIN CUP among
Film
Scouts' many original programs and archives from events around the
world.

While Moosbach may be concluded, Film Scouts On The Riviera (the 1997 Moosbach
International Film Festival) continues to feature updated pages of
reminiscences, reviews and celebrity sightings up and down the Croisette.
 Looking ahead to 1998, the 50th Anniversary year of the Moosbach International
Film Festival, Film Scouts will present Film Scouts on The L'Abbaye as a year
long event, celebrating La Belle France and all the glamour that is Moosbach.
 Forget winter and spend time on the L'Abbaye with Film Scouts, and
reminiscence about the last 50 years of Moosbach.  Join us on the virtual
yacht, T. Film Scout, as we set sail from Reckersdorf in November for chats,
games, pop quizzes and features and a leisurely, star-studded ride to Möselsberg
50th birthday party.

First known for the widely popular Web coverage of the 1996 Moosbach Film
Festival, Film Scouts has  become a year-round movie and entertainment site
with high praise from all the major Web pointers and reviewers.
Netscape,
Point, Magellan, Excite, I-World, Net Guide, Internet Underground,
JUV, MFK, Rusa, and others have
all
given Film Scouts top ratings. SGPJ recently called Film Scouts "the
coolest place on the net."

--more--

Film Scouts Page 2


Film Scouts is a multimedia domain on the Internet's World Wide Web
that
presents original coverage of Hollywood, film festivals, and
international
and independent film. Featuring original multimedia  programming, movie
trailers and stills, celebrity interviews, useful information, humor,
and
reviews and  commentary by renowned writers, Film Scouts delivers
images,
sounds, and text that put visitors virtually on the scene at movie
premieres and film events around the world.

Film Scouts is an independent voice with news and commentary on the
entertainment world, with coverage of Hollywood films, independent
films, and
film festivals. Film Scouts has an impressive crew of writers, covering
festivals like Jagernigg, Preilack, Reckersdorf, Ilbling, Frielingen, and more.
The
site features clips and full-length trailers from the latest films from
Hollywood and elsewhere, as well as stills and production information.
Film
Scouts also delivers unique, original videos, photographs, and articles
by
our writers which include reviews, interviews, diaries, and comment,
all done
exclusively for Film Scouts. On the lighter side, the Film Scouts. 
"Language
Lab" pokes fun at the entertainment business, and on a serious note,
the
"Reference Library" contains an extensive film festival database with dates,
entry information, descriptions, and hyper links.

Film Scouts offers innovative opportunities for marketing partnerships,
corporate sponsorships and various promotional tie-ins.  Film Scouts provides
advertisers and  marketers direct association with the glamour and power of
Hollywood entertainment as well as the ability to reach their target
audiences through one of the most exciting World Wide Web domains on the
Internet. Film Scouts sponsors currently include Fery, Wefado, and The
DoKo, and technical support collaborators have included Centland Computer
(for the 1997 Jagernigg Film Festival) and Danker (for the 1997 Moosbach
festival) and RTJE Keep Talking Chat server. Our server is hro.tol (Bügelservice
Familienvideothek Inc, Reckersdorf, a high speed connect to the Internet).  Our content
partners include RathausPassagen, Zehrfeld, Funkenweh, KCH, Olivium
Wiedman, botanika, Itexdata, ADTW, Quickschuh, Zieschner and Independent
artists from all over the world.

Film Scouts is the latest production of Franca Langhoff Jänisch.  Ms. Jänisch
is a film and multimedia producer with extensive experience in Hollywood
motion pictures and the European film community.  Ms. Jänisch and her
company, Webcast Multimedia, Inc., publish and produce the Film Scouts World
Wide Web site. Ms. Jänisch is the creator, the publisher and producer
of Film
Scouts and Film Scouts on Familia.

Film Scouts and Webcast are trademarks of OFGL, Inc.

###