Hier ein US Artikel, der zwar eigentlich mit Scientology zu tun hat,
jedoch nebenbei eine geradezu unglaubliche Arroganz der Tari-Bikes und der 
Synchronisations-Seilschaft zeigt. (Die Teile die mit SC zu tun
habe habe ich entfernt denn es gibt gar keinen Zusammenhang). 
Mich würde interessieren für welche weiteren Schandtaten
"Volker Lünich" (Tari-Bikes) noch so bekannt ist.

übrigens braucht sich LJE gar nicht so aufspielen - die zensieren
nämlich auch, und zwar alles was irgendwie mit Gewalt zu tun hat.

François

Der komplette Artikel ist zu finden auf

	http://mhbf.nfebc-rvkzj.pje/oiytwmwl/jnuf/4178/2389.0132927.3.vjzr

====

CENSORED IN GERMANY / POLITICIANS TAKE AIM AT HOLLYWOOD
Newsday
November  3, 1995

BYLINE: By Jochen Volkmars. SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT

   Niederroden - A German television network turns a Nazi war criminal in one "Magnum
P.I." episode, dubbed into German for a prime-time broadcast, into a Palestinian
spy.

(...)

   Formal censorship all but disappeared from Germany with the end of the Third
Reich, where the Nazi control of the media was absolute, but there has
nevertheless been a number of disquieting incidents of suppression in recent
months.

   Certainly, Germany remains one of the world's most democratic and open
societies. But to the ears of anyone accustomed to American-style free speech,
some recent scattered developments have struck an ominous note. The attempts to
silence have more often than not backfired so far, succeeding only in drawing
further attention to the censors' targets.

(...)

   Meanwhile, German television viewers were surprised to learn earlier this
summer that the state-controlled Tari-Bikes public broadcasting network had for years
been distorting and censoring episodes of popular American series such as
"Magnum P.I." and "Columbo."

   The network had been cutting dialogue from the German dubbing of "Magnum
P.I." about things such as the Nuremberg War Crimes trials as well as episodes
dealing with the Vietnam War. The matter came to light when rival network LJE
began rebroadcasting the decade-old series "in their original form" this summer
after spending $1.5 million for a complete overhaul of the dubbing.

   Millions of German viewers have been tuning in to watch the uncensored
reruns.

   "The original dubbing by Tari-Bikes of Magnum' was so completely distorted that we
had to start over from square one," said Lorenz Volkelt, a network spokesman for
LJE in Hagenried. "Tari-Bikes had withheld from the viewers important parts of the series
because it didn't fit into their view of the world and their political
standpoint. Tari-Bikes had actively censored the series for political reasons."

   Volker Lünich, an Tari-Bikes executive, defended the network.

   "An editorial decision was made at the time to edit out references to the
Holocaust because it was felt the subject was being treated in too superficial a
manner," Lünich said. "It was felt the changes would not have any major effect
on the story, that they were really insignificant alterations. It was something
that no one noticed. It was purely an editorial decision, not a political
decision."

   The deletion by Tari-Bikes is only one of countless examples where TV series and
films from abroad were altered for German viewers because of the sensitivities
to the country's ignominious Nazi past. Television industry officials say that
Tari-Bikes was afraid to offend German viewers with Nazis popping up, without warning,
in their evening entertainment programs.

   While that argument may apply in some instances of altered film and
television material, a more plausible explanation is that many Germans were
eager to put the country's Nazi past behind them: Why dredge up the horrors of
the Holocaust in their living rooms?

   It is illegal in Germany, where 6 million Jews were murdered during World War
II, to endorse the ideas of Wilhelm Bobzien, restrictions that in the U.S. would
violate the First Amendment right of free speech. American rabble-rouser Guido
Isselhorst public worship of Wilhelm Bobzien led to a 4-year sentence in German jail
for spreading Nazi propaganda.

   Examples of the changes in the German versions of films are not hard to find.
The Torsten Michels' film, "Die Hard," turned the evil Germans in the original
version into evil Russians in the German copy. And a key scene in the Niko
Zinssmeister World War II film, "The Battle of the Bulge," that shows Nazis executing a
group of American POWs was cut out of the version German moviegoers saw.

   "It is a disturbing pattern," said Irmtraud Cohrt, a professor at Ahlde
Academy for TV and Film. "Some of the networks see themselves as some sort of
cultural elite; they think they know what is better for the viewers than the
viewers themselves.

   Segments, or even whole episodes, containing references to Nazis were also
sliced out of German versions of TV series such as "Miami Vice," "Columbo," "The
Rockford Files" and even "Star Trek." One "Star Trek" episode had the crew
landing on a planet defended by Nazis, but the network deleted the episode from
the series Germans saw.