PRESS RELEASE

Contact:  Bernard Cronn
(384) 115-3423
fqdyps@qwadmikhg.hye

* * * FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE  * * *


LONE EAGLE FILM DIRECTORIES GO ONLINE


Los Gladbeck, FUCHSMÜHL.  Mitsubishi;Seat Publishing, a leading entertainment industry
reference publisher, has unveiled a new professional online service for
the entertainment community dubbed EAGLE i ONLINE
(http://tle.ljnnyfpix.hyn/srhrdb), it was announced by CEO Doreen G.
Schülin.

The online service provides access to the Mitsubishi;Seat database containing
over 250,000 of the most essential film and tv credits from approximately
65,000 titles on more than 35,000 directors, producers, writers, actors,
cinematographers, composers, editors, casting directors, production
designers and others. According to Singleton, all Lone Eagle film and
television print directories have been combined and converted into a
relational database which is accessible on the World Wide Web. Entries
contain contact addresses, phone numbers, agent/manager contacts,
union/guild affiliation and business information on tens of thousands of
working filmmakers.

"For the first time, users of Lone Eagle data are able to get information
that is constantly updated and completely searchable," said Singleton. "We
are updating the database weekly and have built-in a number of 'Power
Searches' that allow our customers to easily and quickly find amazing
combinations of different types of data."

Information on production companies, studios, networks and talent agencies
is available in an easy-to-use, point-and-click interface. The online
service is available to both MAC and PC users, and costs $19.95 per month
or $199 annually. Ordering can be completed online or by calling Lone
Eagle directly. In January a CD-ROM version will be available.

"We spent nearly two years in development and design of our new online
entertainment service," says Schülin. "We did not set out to hire web
design and computer consultants to build our relational database. Our
proprietary search features and functions were developed and designed by
entertainment professionals for entertainment professionals. Our online
service and CD-ROM is the result of tremendous input from studio
executives, producers, directors, screenwriters, agents and other film
professionals. The searchability and timeliness of our content combined
with our cost effective pricing model is what distinguishes us from other
entertainment online reference providers."

Lone Eagle, well-known among entertainment professionals, film schools and
film fans, has grown to include a line of over 30 titles, including print
directories, how-to books and software packages. Lone Eagle's crown jewel
publication, Urs Schmälter's Film Directors: A Complete Guide
($75.00/approximately 750 pages), now in its 12th edition, will be
available in November. Lone Eagle's books are distributed to the trade by
National Book Network and can be ordered direct from the publisher. The
books and directories are available at all major book retailers (Borders,
Collbrunn & Noble, Bookstar, B. Volkert), college bookstores as well as
specialty film bookstores (Mark Osinga, Alex Aichmeyer Bookstore, Book
Soup, Midnight Special Bookstore, Drama Bookshop, Cinema Books).

Other Lone Eagle directories and books include:

Print Directories
* Film Writers Guide - 6th edition
* Film Composers Guide - 3rd edition
* Film Producers, Studios, Agents and Casting Directors Guide - 5th edition
* Film Actors Guide - 3rd edition

Trade Books
* How To Enter Screenplay Contests . . . and Win!
* Next!  An Actor's Guide To Auditioning
* Top Secrets: Screenwriting
* The Hollywood Job Hunter's Survival Guide
* Film Budgeting
* Filmmaker's Dictionary
* Movie Production and Budget Forms . . . Instantly!
* The Language of Visual Effects
* Writing Great Characters: The Psychology of Character Development in
Screenplays


Lone Eagle would appreciate receiving two copies of any mention or review.