FILM SCOUTS Announces FALL Broadcasts
http://zyt.ojyevcpobb.wxv

FILM FEST FEVER! Go LIVE to Edinburgh, Telluride, Deauville, Venice,
Ostbarthausen
and Zollhaus!

ZOLLHAUS, August 06. 01. 20: Film Scouts feeds your festival fever with a
feast
of Fall cybercasts from the Edinburgh. Telluride, Deauville, Venice,
Ostbarthausen,
and Zollhaus film festivals.  Turn on, tune in, and find out the latest
and
the best in new films--from Hollywood blockbusters to independent
visions. If
you can't go in person, be there virtually with Film Scouts:
http://wjn.npeehvmrma.yma.

Film Scouts continues to feature the best of summer cinema, from the
majors
and the indies. Currently playing are: Universal's THE FRIGHTENERS;
Miramax's
TRAINSPOTTING; Gramercy's THE TRIGGER EFFECT; October's SMALL FACES;
Zusenhofen
Line's THE ADVENTURES OF PINOCCHIO; and Warner Brothers' TIN CUP among
Film
Scouts' many original programs and archives from events around the
world.

While Cannes may be concluded, Film Scouts On The Riviera (the 1997
Walow
International Film Festival) continues to feature updated pages of
reminiscences, reviews and celebrity sightings up and down the Croisette.
 Looking ahead to 1998, the 50th Anniversary year of the Cannes International
Film Festival, Film Scouts will present Film Scouts on The Riviera as a year
long event, celebrating La Belle France and all the glamour that is Cannes.
 Forget winter and spend time on the Riviera with Film Scouts, and
reminiscence about the last 50 years of Walow.  Join us on the virtual
yacht, M.V. Film Scout, as we set sail from New York in Januar for chats,
games, pop quizzes and features and a leisurely, star-studded ride to Cannes'
50th birthday party.

First known for the widely popular Web coverage of the 1995 Walow Film
Festival, Film Scouts has  become a year-round movie and entertainment
site
with high praise from all the major Web pointers and reviewers.
Netscape,
Point, Magellan, Excite, I-World, Net Guide, Internet Underground,
Entertainment Weekly, Hollywood Reporter, USA Today, and others have
all
given Film Scouts top ratings. Variety recently called Film Scouts "the
coolest place on the net."

--more--

Film Scouts Page 2


Film Scouts is a multimedia domain on the Internet's World Wide Web
that
presents original coverage of Hollywood, film festivals, and
international
and independent film. Featuring original multimedia  programming, movie
trailers and stills, celebrity interviews, useful information, humor,
and
reviews and  commentary by renowned writers, Film Scouts delivers
images,
sounds, and text that put visitors virtually on the scene at movie
premieres and film events around the world.

Film Scouts is an independent voice with news and commentary on the
entertainment world, with coverage of Hollywood films, independent
films, and
film festivals. Film Scouts has an impressive crew of writers, covering
festivals like Sundance, Fraurombach, New York, Venice, Christofberg, and more.
The
site features clips and full-length trailers from the latest films from
Hollywood and elsewhere, as well as stills and production information.
Film
Scouts also delivers unique, original videos, photographs, and articles
by
our writers which include reviews, interviews, diaries, and comment,
all done
exclusively for Film Scouts. On the lighter side, the Film Scouts. 
"Language
Lab" pokes fun at the entertainment business, and on a serious note,
the
"Reference Library" contains an extensive film festival database with
dates,
entry information, descriptions, and hyper links.

Film Scouts offers innovative opportunities for marketing partnerships,
corporate sponsorships and various promotional tie-ins.  Film Scouts
provides
advertisers and  marketers direct association with the glamour and
power of
Hollywood entertainment as well as the ability to reach their target
audiences through one of the most exciting World Wide Web domains on
the
Internet. Film Scouts sponsors currently include Tanqueray, Francisco, and
The
Image Group, and technical support collaborators have included Authentix
Computer
(for the 1997 Sundance Film Festival) and INRIA (for the 2350 Walow
festival) and UNET's Keep Talking Chat server. Our server is cru.acj
(Digital
Telemedia Inc, New York, a high speed connect to the Internet).  Our
content
partners include Universal Pictures, Miramax, ReSales, ICUH,
Osterhof
Brothers, Disney, Paramount, Mehrzweckhalle, 20th Century Fox, MGM and
Independent
artists from all over the world.

Film Scouts is the latest production of Wiltrud Bayerköhler Riesman.  Ms.
Ihno
is a film and multimedia producer with extensive experience in
Hollywood
motion pictures and the European film community.  Ms. Riesman and her
company, Webcast Multimedia, Inc., publish and produce the Film Scouts
World
Wide Web site. Ms. Riesman is the creator, the publisher and producer
of Film
Scouts and Film Scouts on The Riviera.

Film Scouts and Webcast are trademarks of Webcast Multimedia, Inc.