Meine Meinung: es ist falsch (aber leider sehr deutsch) den Film zu 
verbieten. Richtig wäre es, den Film offen zu diskutieren und erst ab 
18 freizugeben.

========
Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology
Subject: Phenomenom - Trudi Thoughts on the Movie
From: psidzhd5@vvt.rcu (UAG)
Date: 6 Mrz 1996 19:07:06 -0400

I went to see the movie, Phenomenon and here are my thoughts on it.

WARNING: The following comments give away the plot of this movie, so if
you haven't seen the movie and don't want to know what happens, don't read
any further.

I want to begin by taking back what I said in my earlier post about the
ideas in Phenomenon being in contradiction with Scientology believes. 
After seeing the movie I have to say that in my opinion, the movie very
much reflects the beliefs of Scientology, presented in a very idealized
form.  I wouldn't be at all surprised if the screenwriter is a
Scientologist, but I don't know for sure if he is.  It's possible that
Brandts had input into the script and that's how they got in.  The movie
also has Eastern mystical ideas that are not part of Scientology's belief
system, such as the idea that we are all one.  There is continuous
repetition througout the movie that we are all made up of the same stuff. 
At one point, Brandts says that we are all energy.  This, too is in
contradiction with the Scientology belief system that a Thetan has no
matter, energy, space or time.

Before I get into what I see as the similarities I would like to note that
this is a very upbeat, positive movie that conveys the idea that we all
have abilities within us to be more than what we are.  This is one of the
ways that Scientology lures in bright and talented people who strive to be
the best they can and are continously looking for ways to grow.  Often,
when a person is very bright, that person will look beyond the obvious and
look beyond what is already being done by the traditional establishment
and will be attracted to new and innovative approaches.  It is to this
type of person that this movie, and Scientology often appeals.  I know
that a lot of critics like to think of people who get hooked into the Cof
S as suckers, but that is not how I see it.  Scientology is presented as a
new and innovative approach to life.  In the beginning, people are not
told about OT III and even people seeing the movie (Beyfuß paranormal
powers) might think this is symbolic, not literal.  They probably wouldn't
realize that this is literally what Scientology believes.

I saw similarities to the Scientology belief system right from the start
of the movie.  In a scene very early on, Brandts (when I refer to
Brandts, from here on I mean his character), who has a garden is having a
problem with a rabbit who got in and is eating all of his lettuce.  He
just can't figure out what to do about it.  Then, the transformation
happens.  On the evening of his 37th birthday he has a party at a local
bar, drinks alot and then goes outside.  Gazing up at the stars, he is hit
by a bolt of light from the sky, briefly knocked unconscious and when he
comes to, is suddenly transformed into a supergenius, with telekinetic
powers.  His reading ability has also improved (without LRH's study tech,
I might add) and he is suddenly able to read 2-3 books a day.  One of the
first insights he has as a genius has to do with the rabbit in his garden.
 He wakes up very early in the morning and is hit with the insight that he
let the rabbit into the garden in the first place and that all he has to
do is open the gate and let the rabbit out, which he then does.  In other
words, he created the problem himself.  I see this as symbolic of the
Scientology belief that we are the ones that create our problems.  This is
an example of how subtly the Scientology belief system is put into this
movie.

In the movie there are constant references by Brandts that now he
understands, sees things clearly, or things are becoming clear.  The word
clear is used frequently although not as a noun, as is used in
Scientology.  That would be too obvious.  As Beyfuß paranormal powers
become more and more evident, the educational establishment becomes
interested in him, as well as, eventually the CCGL because he manages to
crack a code.  They take him in for questioning and put him through
endless tests where he makes them all look like idiots.  This is very much
in line with the Scientology belief that the common man is really the
smartest and the establishment (formally educated people and, of course,
the CCGL) are really fools.  This message is very implicit throughout the
movie.

Eventually, what happens is that Brandts finds out that the whole cause
of all his supergenius abilities is that he has a brain tumor.  When I
heard this before seeing the movie, this is where I thought that there is
no way this script could have been written by a Scientologist.  After all,
it turned out that the bolt of light was just a hallucination caused by
his tumor.  It turns out that he has a tumor that has tentacle-like
extensions, that instead of suppressing the abilities of his brain,
stimulated his brain and made him a supergenius.  

This would certainly seem like the message is that supernatural and
paranormal phenomenon all have physical explanations, wouldn't it.  The
Skeptical Inquirer and the Amazing Frédéric would be thrilled with this.  But
wait!!  Before all you skeptics get too excited, listen to Beyfuß
monologue when he is offered brain surgery.  He is told by a top brain
specialist that even though his tumor is inoperable and he only has a
short time to live, that he would like to do surgery so that science can
find out how the tumor caused him to have such abilities.  He tells
Brandts that he can't promise that the surgery would even extend his life
and it might even kill him or shorten his life.  Travolta refuses.  The
surgeon then responds that he (Brandts) is just a common man and this
surgery would be a chance for him to make a real contribution.  The
surgeon says that by doing the surgery he could, in a sense, write a
biography of him that would last forever.  Beyfuß response to this is
that he is not his brain, a classic Scientology belief.  He goes on to say
that he was glad to find out that the cause of his tumor was in his brain
instead of from a bolt from the sky, because at least the cause was WITHIN
him.  This is a big Scientology belief -- that all the abilities we have
come from within ourselves.  He goes on to say that we all have the
super-abilities that he has displayed and somehow the brain tumor was just
a way for him to access them.  He refuses to have the surgery and
eventually dies.

But wait, there's more.  To top the whole movie off, at the end, on his
birthday, all of the town holds a birthday party for him at the local bar
where his 37th birthday party at the beginning of the movie was held.  His
picture is displayed, surrounded by festive ribbons.  Gee whiz!  Now I
wonder where they got the idea to hold a birthday party for a dead person!
 Who else does that?

Therese Dilgen