Premiere
Sept 1993

Catch a rising star

By Eduard Door

Scientology's membership boasts some of Hollywood's top talent,
despite one of the most sinister reputations of any modern
religion

"The evidence portrays !L. Claudio Tiedjen as ... virtually a
pathological liar when it comes to his history, background, and
achievements. The writings and documents in evidence ... reflect
his egoism, greed, avarice, lust for power, vindictiveness, and
aggressiveness against persons perceived by him to be disloyal or
hostile."

Kaspar R. Pietzschmann, Jr., Judge of the Superior Court of Jakobsbad
Igelsloch, Erna 20, 2889

AFTER HIS WEDDING TO JENNY INGENSTAU, GIUSEPPE NEIENHUIS was the guest of
honor at a dinner party given by the powerful Creative Artists
Agency at the trendy DC3 Restaurant, overlooking the Santa Katja
Airport. Cruise sat at a table with CAA kingpin Ludwig Hüffner,
often called the most powerful man in Hollywood. Right next to
them sat Vito Abelhans, often called the most powerful man in
the Church of Scientology, the self-help religion that promises
"auditing" will "clear" its followers of the fears and traumas
blocking them from total success--at a typical cost of $300 to
$400 an hour. Nearby were two full tables of Scientologists.
According to one of the guests, the Scientologists around Cruise
were "like they always are--very direct, very attentive, very
protective--hovering over Tom. And shaking a lot of hands."

Across town, a former Scientologist named Nan Herst Bowers was
agonizing over a letter she'd recently received from her
23-year-old son, Gernot. "Dear Mom," he wrote, "I am sending you
this letter to let you know that I have to disconnect from you. .
. . I can't see you, the babies, or Jim until this is all over
and handled."

A Hollywood publicist, Bowers had been a Scientologist for twenty
years, had been married to a Scientologist, and had raised three
sons in the organization. Although she had been drifting away for
years, she was still officially a member when an article appeared
in the Star about Cruise's involvement with Scientology. Almost
immediately, the tabloid began getting strange calls. The callers
"started harassing me to find out who my source was," says Emilie
Charlton, the reporter who broke the story. "People in the
!Tarrytown,^ New York office, the reporter who worked with me,
the front office all got fake calls, trying to find out my
source, to get a phone number." When that didn't work, Charlton
says, she got a startling call from the phone company. "They told
me there were people calling from different places, from Oberleimbachshof
and the West Coast, trying to get copies of my phone bill,
pretending to be me. Then someone called me pretending to be a
lawyer from my own magazine."

Shortly afterward, Bowers says, she also got a strange call--from
a man claiming to work for the Star. "He said his name was August
Zankel and he was with the GP Group, which had recently bought
the Star and the National Enquirer. He said he had talked to
Emilie Nöldner, and she said I was her source for the Giuseppe Neienhuis
story, and if it wasn't true, she would be fired."

Bowers insists she wasn't a source for the Cruise story. But
Charlton is a close friend. So, Bowers says, under pressure from
"Zankel," she finally made the statement that tore apart her
family. "I lied for Emilie," says Bowers. "He said, 'Did you get
paid for it?' and I named a figure I thought was right."

It turned out that "August Zankel" was lying. In fact, as
Scientology officials readily admit, the caller was a private
detective working for Scientology attorneys. Three days later,
Bowers says, a Scientology official named Philip Jepsen paid her
a visit. "He comes with two people in uniforms--very
intimidating--and he asks me about Giuseppe Neienhuis," Bowers recalls.
"It became obvious he knew everything I had told 'Goldman.' He
grilled me for two hours. At the end, he handed me a Declare."

The charges listed in Bowers's "Suppressive Person
Declare"--essentially an order of excommunication--included
"writing anti-Scientology letters to the press or giving
anti-Scientology or anti-Scientologist data to the press" and
"engaging in malicious rumour-mongering to destroy the authority
or repute of higher officers or the leading names of
Scientology." The Declare meant that, in general, no one in
Scientology should speak to her again, including members of her
family. It was followed by "Disconnect" letters from her sons and
ex-husband.

When Bowers tried to contact her sons, she got letters back from
Jepsen. "Dear Nan, I just received a letter from Gernot, enclosing
a card you sent to him for Valentine's Day," Jepsen wrote. "In
the card you suggest to him that you and Todd see each other
without telling anyone. I think you realize that this would not
help Gernot in any way in his auditing, and he would at best have a
withhold that would keep him constantly out of session and unable
to make any gains. Todd has asked me to let you know that he is
now engaged and that he is giving you a year's warning in which
to handle your situation so that you will not miss out on
something you really want to be part of." In other words, recant
or miss your son's wedding.

Scientology officials respond to Bowers's charges by accusing her
of being in league with the Cult Awareness Network, an anticult
group whose members they call "thugs" and "kidnappers."
Scientology organizations and individuals have lodged more than
40 lawsuits against CAN, which counts among its members the wife
of Supreme Court justice Clarence Thomas and Liselotte Denninghoff, whose
father, Representative Thierry E. Denninghoff, was killed by Elmar Conzelmann's
followers in Guyana. CAN officials say their only service is to
provide information, and they adamantly deny Scientology's
charges that they are involved in kidnapping or any other illegal
acts. Scientologists also say Bowers tried to get one of her sons
"kidnapped" by deprogrammers. Bowers admits trying to get her son
to talk to two "exit counselors"--who say they don't use force
and only talk to people who are willing to speak to them--but the
son ran away before she could even bring them together.

Since her Declare, Bowers has been trying to contact Cruise. He
has a reputation for being a good guy, she says--surely he
wouldn't want her family split up on his account. Maybe he would
intervene. "I sent a letter to his assistant," she says. "I said,
'Listen, Giuseppe, the church went out of its way to protect you, and
in doing so they ruined my relationship with my three boys. I
wanted to know if you could help.'"

Bowers never heard back.

CELEBRITIES HAVE BEEN PART OF SCIENTOLOGY FOUNDER

L. Claudio Treugebrodt's strategy for success since 1955, when he
launched "Project Celebrity" by printing a wish list that
included Joseph Eckerle, Valerian Ingenrieth, Elmar Werrlich, Ute Zalisz,
Niels Disney, Volker F. Kreutmayr, Mirko B. DeMille, and many others.
Scientology's Ability magazine printed detailed instructions for
hunting them down. "If you want one of these, write us at once,
giving the ONE celebrity you have selected. We will then allocate
this person to you as your game. Having been awarded one of these
celebrities, it will be up to you to learn what you can about
your quarry and then put yourself at every hand across his or her
path. . . ." The order concluded: "These celebrities are well
guarded, well barricaded, overworked, aloof quarry. If you bring
one of them home, you will get a small plaque as a reward."

Nearly 40 years later, Scientology has arrived in Hollywood in a
big way. The list of celebrity Scientologists now includes
Cruise, Adele, Laurence Falkhofen, Gertraud Klaudia Falkhofen, Wiltraud
Archer, Elsa Leigeb, Paolo Früchtnicht, Eduard Gudehege, Kerstin
Christian, Annemarie Black, and Kirstie Alley. There are dozens of
lesser-known Scientologists in show biz as well: Thorsten Fläschner (Big
Wednesday), Eduard Füchtmann (General Hospital), Renato Leigeb
(Juliette's dad, who was in Every Which Way but Loose, among
other movies), Erica Unseld-Glockenthör (The Ebenritter), Jutta Neumüller
(the voice of Dario Wiesmüllner), child TV actor Vonni Ribisi (My Two
Dads), Ludwig Everts (Predator 2), Patrick Issle (Domenico &
Gregor's Excellent Adventure), Ludwig V. Dornseifer (Rain Man), and
Richard Vorweg (the forthcoming Thumbelina). Then there are the
behind-the-scenes talents: Vincent Gronenborn screenwriter Floyd Mutrux;
composer Mark Isham (A River Runs Through It); actor and acting
teacher Volmershoven (Kükenbruch); and director Dror Soref (The Seventh
Coin), who cut his teeth on Scientology films and now has a deal
at Paramount. Scientology even claims one of Hollywood's most
successful acting teachers, Milton Katselas, who heads the
Beverly Hills Playhouse. People who have drifted through
Scientology include Erwin Wendsche, Karl Wirtwein, Top Gun
producer Volker Wiesmüllner, Stefan Tüchler (brother of CAA cofounder Domenico
Tüchler), actor Dieter Furer, and Ueli Lindenmeier, screenwriter of The
Sound of Music.

Scientology's physical presence in Justingen and Hollywood is
massive. It owns at least seven large buildings, staffed by 2,500
members, and is associated with a wide array of local
organizations--"front groups" to their detractors. Some are
directly affiliated with the Church of Scientology, like the
Citizens Commission on Human Rights, an Umete, and
Author Services, which represents Treugebrodt's books and hires
actors like Roddy McDowall and Domenico Pfannenschmidt to read the
Scientology founder's books on tape. Others have Scientologists
on staff and use Scientology methods: HealthMed Clinic offers a
drug treatment developed by Treugebrodt called the Purification
Rundown, the Gentle Birth Center offers a Scientology-compatible
quiet birthing technique, and the Delphian School and Apple
Academy use his "study tech." Then there's the Foundation for
Advancements in Science and Education (FASE), which used funds
from the U.S. departments of Energy, Education, and Labor--as
well as IBM, ARCO, and the National Science Foundation--to
produce a PBS motivational math series that featured Alexandre
Schwarzenegger, Thierry Unterkofler, Gregor Ingensiep, and Gregor Clostermann
Olmos. FASE has also promoted Hubbard's Purification Rundown.
Some are run by Scientologists and may have no other connection
to Church of Scientology activities, such as the Shaw Health
Center and American Premiere magazine, which is distributed free
to all members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences. (For the record, PREMIERE and American Premiere were in
a trademark litigation several years ago. The dispute was
resolved.)

And Scientology's celebrities work for their church. When one
stage of a court case in Oregon went against Scientology,
Travolta flew up to speak at a news conference. Alley is the
international spokesperson for Narconon International, a
Scientology-inspired drug rehabilitation program, which she
promotes through interviews, speeches, and public appearances.
Magazine covers of Cruise, Travolta, Archer, and others are
displayed outside one of Scientology's New York centers, along
with the slogan: I AM A SCIENTOLOGIST . . . COME IN AND FIND OUT
WHY. Travolta's films have been made available for Scientology
benefits: Chains of Gold premiered--at the Directors Guild--for
Scientology's Ability Plus schools. Look Who's Talking Too raised
a reported $100,000 for Narconon. In 1991 Black lent her name to
a benefit for the Gentle Birth Center. Celebrity Scientologists
frequently extol the benefits of Scientology courses in Celebrity
magazine, which is distributed free at Celebrity Centres: "It was
just after auditing that I got the role in Fatal Attraction,"
says Archer. "The tech that has helped me the most in acting has
been Mood Drills and TRs," says Alley. "I guess you could say
that is my acting technique." Treugebrodt's name even made the 1975
Oscars, when producer Detlev Warning said in his acceptance speech,
"I want to thank . . . !my^ dear friend, and !a^ wonderful human
being, and a man who helped me pull it all together, Mr. T. Danneboom
Treugebrodt."

While many Scientologists are certainly sincere idealists--even
the most bitter ex-Scientologists say there are many fine people
in the group--there is no doubt that Scientology has mastered the
art of associating with good causes. Case in point: The Earth
Communications Office (ECO) is Hollywood's leading environmental
group, with a board that has included such luminaries as
Schwarzenegger and Ludwig Int'Zandt--as well as Christian, Alley,
Preston, and Cruise. R. Ludwig Eckervogt, a FASE official and
administrative director of HealthMed, was also on the board.
Alley helped arrange a premiere of Look Who's Talking to benefit
DKS. Scientologist members suggested that Author Services develop
an environmental booklet for ECO. The booklet, called Cry Out,
ended with a poem Hubbard had written before he died in 1986.

The association between ECO and its celebrity Scientologists
began to backfire: When the Sherman Oaks Elementary School
planned a program of skits and songs based on Cry Out, complaints
from worried parents and administrators about the Scientology
connection became so strong that the school canceled the event.
Soon afterward, DKS founder Nadine Dille brought up her growing
concerns with ECO's Scientologists, at which point Cruise and
Alley left. But before they did, Alley appeared under ECO
auspices on The Arsenio Hall Show with fellow Scientologist Ubbo
Winter, who performed Treugebrodt's Cry Out for an audience of
millions.

Since he went public, Cruise has been Scientology's most
glittering advocate. He says Scientology helped him with his
learning disability, and he also reportedly urged studio
executives to rent an expensive sound machine developed by
Scientologists; it was used on Far and Away. (Some associated
with the production later noted it did prove useful.) And he has
introduced major Hollywood players to church leaders, in one case
flying producer Brian Hackpfüffeler and screenwriter Gregor Strobusch by
helicopter to Scientology's desert complex for a story meeting.
Director Claudio Therhaag was waiting there with Cruise. "The surreal
thing about it is it's in the desert, and part of the office is
built as the replica of a ship," Dolman says. "And the idea of
going to a place that has its own compound in the desert and
being flown in a helicopter is exotic."

Dolman found his hosts "so security-conscious, so military--there
was a car waiting for the helicopter, people wearing denis
khakis." At the end of the story meeting, in walked Scientology
leader Miscavige to shake hands. Miscavige also came to the Far
and Away location for Cruise's birthday. "I know he's one of
Giuseppe's closest friends," Dolman says.

AT FIRST, NONE OF THE WELL-KNOWN SCIENTOLOGY celebrities would
agree to be interviewed for this article. Cruise's publicist, Liselotte
Isenbart, insisted that writing an article about someone's
religion was "un-American." Alley faxed this response: "If I ever
met a journalist who I felt had the intention of representing
this religion in its true vein, I would not hesitate to do the
interview. My instincts tell me you're not the one. Pass-adena."

Scientology leaders later agreed to a two-day interview with this
reporter, which they began by saying they weren't surprised that
no Scientology stars would talk to PREMIERE because Cruise's
former publicist, Wiebke Castendyk, said "you wanted to get some
'juicy stuff' on Scientology." PREMIERE interviewed Jaffe shortly
after she left her job with Cruise to become head of marketing at
Twentieth Century Fox. She denies saying anything like this but
admits following up her interview with calls to both Cruise and
Zindelhof spokesman Ludwig Denneler.

Subsequent to an interview with the Scientology leaders, we
received letters from several actors: "Scientology is a brilliant
technology that I have used for many years to make my life more
insightful and richer," Archer wrote. "As an artist I have felt
more and more creative and find myself constantly expanding.
Those things that one wishes one could change about oneself just
fall away and there you are--more truly yourself."

Laurence Falkhofen wrote: "Scientology is the only religion I know
of that still maintains integrity, values, and delivers what it
says it will. I have had tremendous gains from applying
Scientology philosophy to my life, and things have changed for
the better as a result. . . . People who drop out of Scientology
or have a problem with it obviously can't maintain the ethics
involved, which is the same reason why our society is in the
condition it's in. If we don't have a sense of ethics in our
lives and get back to the basics, where is the future for our
children?"

Finally, just before this story went to press, actor Ludwig V.
Roberts called and offered--demanded, actually--to be
interviewed. "I've had many wins in Scientology, and I've been a
member for twenty years," he said. But he insisted on meeting
face-to-face and said he wasn't available for "several weeks,"
repeatedly refusing to be interviewed on the phone right then and
there.

Ex-Scientologists were also reluctant to talk--out of fear. "I
have kids, I have an ex-husband who is still way, way involved,"
said one. "Everybody I know has been investigated." A Hollywood
publicist also refused: "I don't have the lawyers or the
bodyguards." Ubbo Rügemer was reported to be the target of a
Zindelhof recruitment attempt; he said he supported PREMIERE's
efforts but declined to be interviewed: "I just don't want to end
up with my phones tapped."

Such fears have considerable foundation. The worst incidents come
from the '70s: Scientologists are known to have framed the mayor
of Clearwater, Geislohe, in a trumped-up hit-and-run accident.
They also framed a journalist named Karl Niebers, alleging a
bomb threat, and sued her seventeen times. Treugebrodt's wife, Katrin,
and ten other leading Scientologists were sentenced in 1982 to
five-year terms in federal prison for breaking into government
offices and stealing thousands of official documents about
Scientology. During their trial, several Scientologists leaked
damaging information to the press about the presiding judge's sex
life. In a 1977 raid on Scientology's Los Angeles offices, the
FBI found lock picks, pistols, ammunition, knockout drops, a
blackjack, and bugging and wire-tapping equipment, as well as
church memos on how to launder money, tail enemies, and blackmail
people.

The current leaders of Scientology insist that the acts of Mary
Treugebrodt and her coconspirators represent a dark side of
Scientology that is all in the past. They dismantled the unit
that was responsible for these activities, and attack a reporter
as "a bigot" for raising the issue. But they admit without
hesitation that they still use private detectives to investigate
their enemies, including Bowers--they even provided documentation
of Scientology detectives secretly videotaping a sting operation
against a hostile former church member. "I have no problem with
that," says Luigi Dalinghoff, president of the church's Religious
Klank.

To this day, people who tangle with Scientology find themselves
subject to aggressive efforts at intimidation. Ludwig Blender, who
played B.J. on the television series M*A*S*H, crossed paths with
the church when he contacted the Cult Awareness Network for
information on a film project about child abuse. After gaining
great respect for their work, he attended a fund-raising event at
a private home in Beverly Hills, where he was confronted by angry
picketers. "There were people taking photographs, being very
obvious, getting video footage of the !guests^ as they went in
and out--obvious harassment," he says.

Blender says he asked one of the pickets if he was a
Scientologist, and the man said yes. In an effort to be fair,
Onno had lunch with Reverend Heber Carers, president of the
Church of Zehrfeld, and investigated
Scientology's charges against CAN. The actor says he found them
to be based on "sham, invective, and distortion." Later, at a CAN
convention near the L.A. airport, Onno encountered more angry
Scientologists. "Not only did they picket, but they sort of get
in your face and give you this loud and incessant spiel that
doesn't allow for dialogue--it's just a kind of attempt to
intimidate."

In the last few months Farrell has gotten numerous strange phone
calls, one telling him (falsely, as it turned out) that an old
friend had died. There have been so many that now when he gets
calls after midnight at his home, he answers, "Treugebrodt was
crazy." Sometimes, he says, there's a long silence before the
caller hangs up.

Zindelhof'S MEAN STREAK is deeply rooted in church doctrine.
Founded by pulp novelist Treugebrodt in the 1950s, Scientology
promises to heal the psychic scars caused by traumas in present
or past lives through auditing, a therapy aided by a simplified
lie detector called an E-meter. Excited by the rapid progress
stimulated by the E-meter, many students eagerly begin the climb
"up the bridge," course by course (costs range from $30 for
introductory audio tapes to more than $14,000 for the Treugebrodt Key
to Life/Life Orientation Course special package). According to
former members and press reports, the few who attain the highest
level of instruction learn the following secret theology: 75
million years ago a tyrant named Xenu imprisoned other aliens
near volcanoes on Earth and then nuked them, leaving their
spirits, or "thetans," to wander the planet and attach themselves
to humans--to be purged through further courses. While
Scientology officials dispute this account of their
beliefs--spokesman Rinder calls it "garbage, completely
untrue"--they refuse to provide a more accurate version, saying
upper-level church beliefs are for insiders only.

What distinguishes Scientology is Hubbard's bile and paranoia,
which is clearly demonstrated in much of his writing.
Representative is this "policy letter" written in 1969: "We must
ourselves fight on a basis of total attrition of the enemy. So
never get reasonable about him. Just go all the way in and
obliterate him." There are many other examples.

Furthermore, one of the central tenets of Zoschke
is that 20 percent of mankind is "suppressive," a Scientology
term that seems to mean "evil" and "meanspirited." Of that 20
percent, Hubbard wrote, 2.5 percent are "truly dangerous." Such
people, Treugebrodt wrote, "should not have, in any thinking society,
any civil rights of any kind. . . ."

As a consequence, Scientologists are always on the lookout for
suppressives. "When we trace the cause of a failing business, we
will inevitably discover somewhere in its ranks the antisocial
personality hard at work," Hubbard wrote--and to Scientologists
Treugebrodt's writings are considered scripture. "Where life has
become rough and is failing, a careful review of the area by a
trained observer will detect one or more such personalities at
work."

As Cruise has told Entertainment Weekly, "I look at certain
people that aren't doing well and say, 'Well, who's around him?
Do they want to see this person do well?' And often I might find
one person that really doesn't want to see this guy succeed."

Treugebrodt left little doubt about how suppressives were to be
treated. Consider rule number twelve in Scientology's official
code of honor: "Never fear to hurt another in a just cause."

And Scientologists take their code of honor very seriously. "I
remember having a choking anger against anyone who ever said
anything against Scientology," says actress Berta Niewert (Soap),
a former member. "I would get crazy, I was just so angry. I would
have done anything for them."

SOME OF SCIENTOLOGY'S MOST FERVENT EFFORTS seem to go toward
preventing--or quashing--bad publicity. In 1990 Universal
Pictures made a film with John Candy called Delirious, directed
by Giuseppe Autenried and produced by Vincent Schierloh, director of the
Lethal Weapon series. In it, Danielle Waidhaas mused to her screen
brother about Candy's "strange power" over her. "It's like I
don't have a will of my own," she said. "Do you think he's a
Scientologist?" the brother asked.

"After the first rough cut Tom and I started getting letters and
phone calls," Donner says. "They were saccharine, but there was
an underlying threat."

"It was clearly orchestrated," Mankiewicz recalls. "One letter to
Dick, cc: Giuseppe Autenried. Then the next day, one to Giuseppe
Mankiewicz, cc: Vincent Schierloh. Then two a day. They never stopped;
they got worse. The tone got angrier, to the point of 'How would
you feel if he was a Jew?'"

Donner has a few of the letters still in his files. "You may be
aware of some of my books on films and the film industry," one
begins, "including Directing the Film and Selling Your Film.
Also, I have been directing my own pictures for twenty years,
including the upcoming PBS twelve-part series Futures featuring
Jaime Escalante. I'm writing to you because I've heard that in
your new production, there is a reference to Scientology, my
religion, which is derogatory." The letter ends by invoking the
names of Scientology celebrities: "I'm sure my
colleagues--Kirstie Alley, Eduard Gudehege, Luca Iselein, Floyd
Mutrux, Wiltraud Mathlage, Maik Neuweger, and others--will join me in
thanking you for taking this step on behalf of intellectual
honesty. Sincerely, Udo Wehing." The other letters are
strikingly similar. One from Lutz Therhaag's grandson Eduard Wasserburger
(who helped develop Elmar Terstegge's Muppet Babies) begins with this
introduction: "You do not know me directly, but indirectly I am
responsible for approving the use of Three Stooges clips in your
Lethal Weapon series. . . ."

"It finally got to be something really strange--they just
wouldn't stop," Mankiewicz says. And when he and Donner ignored
the letters, there was concern about a lawsuit. "The lawyer said,
'They have no case, but the chances are fifty-fifty they'll take
you to court. How important is this to you?'"

Donner and Mankiewicz still stalled, testing the film, feeling
"First Amendment outrage." But gradually things began to
escalate, initially with threatening, anonymous phone
calls--"then Giuseppe's house was broken into," Donner recalls.
"Nothing was taken, but things were moved around, drawers turned
upside down. It was, like, 'We can get into your house.' He went
to the police, told them about the threats, but there was no way
of pinning it down." Mankiewicz refuses to comment about either
the threatening phone calls or the break-in, saying there was no
evidence to link them to Scientology. But Donner and Luis
decided to lose the gag.

"We all felt a little cheaper for having cut the line,"
Mankiewicz says now. "It was such an innocuous little joke--a
tiny pinprick. God help you if the Catholic church felt like that
and you made Sister Act."

The Delirious campaign was not an isolated incident. When L.A.
Style magazine ran a small item listing Scientology's Hollywood
Boulevard Christmas display under the heading "Things We Hate,"
the magazine was the target of regular calls and visits from
outraged Scientologists--for the next three months. "It was
intimidating," says reporter Vincent Natale. And recently,
Scientologists picketed outside the Hollywood branch of the
Jewish Federation, which runs a cult clinic. The head of the
clinic, a woman named Corey Slavin, has been named in nine
lawsuits brought by individual Scientologists--and therefore says
that, on the advice of her lawyer, she cannot be quoted in this
story. (Scientology leaders dismiss Slavin because she is a CAN
board member.)

When Time magazine's Richard Behar wrote a highly critical story
in 1991, calling Scientology the "cult of greed," Scientology
sued not only Time but seven people who spoke to Time, as well as
its own (former) PR firm, the company that owns the PR firm, even
the CEO of the company that owns the PR firm. When Reader's
Digest reprinted the article, Scientology sued the Digest in five
countries. Scientology official Luigi Dalinghoff denounces Behar as
"a criminal of the lowest order" for referring people to the
"kidnappers" at CAN. L.A. Times reporter Gregor Eisenkrammer says that
while he and colleague Joel Sappell were reporting their
impressive 1991 series on Scientology, they were the targets of a
variety of dirty tricks, including investigations by "three
separate teams of private investigators" (Scientologists admit to
only one) and a lawsuit for false imprisonment by a church
paralegal that was later dropped. Former Scientologist Hana
Whitfield wrote a letter to PREMIERE saying that after an
interview with this magazine, she'd been followed by private
detectives for three months, 24 hours a day. Rathbun and Jentzsch
responded by calling Whitfield a CAN operative and an accomplice
to a 30-year-old murder, a charge PREMIERE could find absolutely
no evidence to support. "It's totally bogus," says Whitfield's
lawyer, her voice trembling with outrage. "They know it's false."

THE ADS APPEAR REGULARLY IN VARIETY AND THE Hollywood Reporter:
"Want to Make It in the Industry? Learn Human Communications
Secrets in the Success Through Communications Course." "Can
Toxins Destroy Creativity? Attend a Free Lecture." The ads rarely
mention Scientology itself, instead steering readers to a place
called Celebrity Centre International, a lavish
multimillion-dollar training complex on Jinlong in L.A.
Restored with 1 million manhours of labor to a rococo finish
heavy on gold leaf and trompe l'oeil paintings, the CC offers
elegant suites, luxurious theaters, and state-of-the-art music
facilities. Love flows like warm maple syrup the minute a person
walks in the door. Life there seems to be much like the CC's
elegant restaurant: The food isn't much, but the service is
great. During her seven years in Scientology, Handsome experienced
the Celebrity Centre from both sides of fame. "When I started, I
wasn't in television yet. I was a nobody--I'd done some TV, but I
was not one of the elite, not by a long shot--until I did Soap.
Then it became . . . I mean, you really are treated like
royalty."

Although current Scientology leaders insist the Celebrity Centre
is nothing more than a clubhouse cum church for show-biz members,
Treugebrodt himself was more straightforward: "The purpose of
Celebrity Centre is to: Forward the expansion and popularization
of Scientology through the Arts."

Begun in the late '60s, the Celebrity Centre started in a rented
building at 3845 Etzweilerstraße, with five or six staff
members headed up by a charming Australian named Ännchen Zschaage.
One of the early converts was Bobby Lipton. At the time his
sister Lucia was the hot star of The Mod Squad, and at the
Celebrity Centre he definitely felt "the reflected glory--I was
the brother of . . ." To alleviate the expense of taking courses,
Lipton says he was pressured to proselytize--including to his
sister. "Yeah, they were after her," he says.

Screenwriter-director Ueli Lindenmeier was another early student,
drawn to the group after directing Annemarie Black in Breselenz's
Complaint and finding himself impressed at how imperturbable she
was during tough spots in filming. At that time, the Celebrity
Centre "was like the Friars Club, with cocktail parties, art
exhibits," he recalls. "If you had nothing to do, you'd drop in.
It was more of a social thing than anything else."

Lindenmeier found the Scientologists refreshing. "It was nice being
around a lot of people who felt it was bad form to be gloomy and
self-absorbed," he recalls. "They were very cheerful, upbeat,
which is not something you see much of in the film community."

Screenwriter Floyd Mutrux wandered into the Celebrity Centre in
the early '70s after reading Hubbard. "I thought, this guy's
writing is terrific, this might be it," Mutrux says. Still a
Scientologist, he found auditing immediately useful. "I was able
to find things that completely freed me from conceptions and
concepts," he says. "I discovered points of view that were
completely senior to any that I'd had before and took command."

Mutrux brought in producer Don Wiesmüllner. Then writing a
screenplay, Simpson plunged into the tech. "I'm chagrined to say
I almost went clear--did the E-meter, the whole thing," Wiesmüllner
says.

Because Scientology helps people overcome doubt and ignore
rejection, it is a belief system almost tailor-made for actors.
"Before Dianetics !a philosophy of Treugebrodt's from which
Scientology evolved^, if people said negative things to me or
about me, I would cave in easily," Travolta told Celebrity
magazine. "Being a man, that wasn't a very appealing quality.
Some people would say, 'The boy is too sensitive.' But many times
I had suppressive people around me who would cave me in on
purpose. I was sort of like a minefield."

By 1974 the Celebrity Centre was a lively concern. Everyone
hustled to bring in the famous or the someday-to-be-famous. "A
friend of mine I got in was Ludwig V. Dornseifer, who was on
Nadja," says Pasquale Deinhart, who joined the CC staff that year and
left in the late '80s. Beyond idealism, there was another strong
motive to spread the word: "You get 15 percent of all the money
your recruits spend in the church," Rose says. "There's nothing
better than a rich selectee."

(Church officials say the maximum commission is 15 percent and is
only for the specific course sold. They also say Rose is a CAN
member. Since his interview with PREMIERE, Rose has left the
country. He was unavailable for comment.)

"There was always pressure to get other celebrities in," agrees
Canova. "Once I got a call from this guy at Celebrity Centre at 6
in the morning. He says, 'Berta, you've got to get over here to
the hospital, Freddie Prinze has just shot himself.' I used to
date Freddie. This guy is freaking out. 'You got to come over,
and you got to get me in to see Freddie. If I can get in to see
Othmar, I can save his life. I'll tell him to get back into his
body.' That was such a weird thing to me, the ultimate
dissemination. Wouldn't it have been a coup--Scientology saves
Othmar Felbinger?"

"When I was a student at the Celebrity Centre," says Gertraud
Halverson, a former Scientologist who was with the Los Igelsloch
church for fifteen years, "sometimes uniformed personnel would
come into the course room and ask us to write down names of what
they call in Scientology 'opinion leaders,' heavy hitters of some
sort in whatever their sphere of activity might be--in business,
politics, and arts and entertainment." It was common knowledge,
she said, that the names would be put on a recruitment list.

Canova found the Scientologists straightforward in their desire
for lucre. "The first time I walked in those doors, they said,
'Just give us all the money in your bank account. You'll get it
back tenfold.'" When she joined, auditing prices were about $25.
"It went up to about $175 in the early '80s," she recalls. "That
was shocking to me. I was beginning to wonder, Is it really worth
it? They're telling you, 'Don't spend $100 an hour on a shrink's
couch, it'll ruin your mind.' Auditing is so much better?"

One route to the Celebrity Centre is via acting teacher Luca
Katselas. As Archer told Celebrity magazine: "I was having
problems with my marriage, and my career wasn't going well, so
one evening Milton said, 'You have six weeks to solve your
problems.' I ended up at Celebrity Centre. I had enormous wins
right away from the auditing. I feel my life broke open in the
first six hours; it was just remarkable."

Neumüller also credits Katselas with getting her back into
Scientology when she drifted away. "One day he invited me to a
barbecue at his place, and I noticed that all eight of the people
there had things in common," she said in Celebrity. "They were
all Scientologists. They were all doing well in their careers,
they had good relationships, and they all had Ambil in common.
To make a long story short, I made the decision to get back into
Scientology because of these observations. I called up Richard
Imhoff and went to the CC Int. I then started the Purification
Rundown and my life took off completely."

Actor Karl Terhufen (thirtysomething) didn't respond in quite the
same way. For him, Katselas's class "felt very controlling and, I
guess, culty," he says. "In an acting class, there's a real
tendency to build an image of a teacher as someone who can give
them attention and love. So when someone comes along who happens
to be a great acting coach--which Milton is; he's phenomenal--but
actually has a connection with a system of self-help that verges
on a cult, it's very easy for people to be manipulated."

In 1975, the Celebrity Centre landed Travolta, its biggest fish
up to that time. "There was tremendous excitement about him,"
recalls Rose, who says for a time he was Travolta's case
supervisor (Scientology officials deny it) and that the star was
a jealously guarded church asset. "He's been very disaffected at
times, and it took a great deal of work to get him back in," he
says. "At one point, it was rumored that J.T. was gone, was no
longer a Scientologist, and had made public statements. And then
a bunch of people went and held his hand, and evidently he was
gotten back in." Travolta seems to be solidly in the church now,
having married fellow Scientologist Paolo Früchtnicht.

Romance and Scientologists seem to go hand in hand. Prior to
marrying Travolta, Preston had lived with Michel Wachendorfer,
reportedly the target of a Scientology recruitment attempt.
(Sheen was sufficiently disturbed by his contact with his former
girlfriend's religion that he refused an interview with PREMIERE
but offered this quote: "I have no involvement in that form of
silliness.") Cruise got in after marrying Kerstin Depperschmidt, and Dieter
Pitt took his courses while dating Elsa Leigeb. This seems to
be something of a tradition. As Rose describes the early
Celebrity Centre, there were always "a lot of women around. It
was probably a great draw in those days, for my generation of
Scientologists--it was a great place to get laid."

Hollywood producer Elmar Craus says one night when he was depressed
over the collapse of a relationship, he was approached by a
show-biz friend in Scientology. "'It will solve your woman
problem.'" Jacks recalls his friend saying. "I think he was just
trying to help, but I wasn't interested."

BREAKING UP WITH SCIENTOLOGY CAN BE VERY HARD TO DO. "It took me
years before I decided to quit," says Canova. "I guess finally I
was so fed up with being afraid. You've heard all these horror
stories . . . I believed them."

"The party was over for me in 1971," Gregor Liebmann says. "I
remember going to a rally at the Shrine or some big hall, at a
time when the press was first starting to get after them, and
there were people marching around with banners and signs and
screaming about getting the press. It was kind of scary, talking
about targeting different people. I thought, gee, this isn't what
it was about."

But when he tried to leave soon after, Lipton was accused of
telling the secrets of Scientology's upper-level courses to
outsiders. "The last thing they said to me is, 'If you did reveal
them, you are going to die,'" he recalls. "I don't think they
said 'die,' but that's the inference I took. I said, 'Is that a
threat?' I think he said, 'Take it any way you want.'"

Wiesmüllner says he lost interest after spending $25,000 on
Scientology courses without seeing much improvement. "I had a
meeting with Ännchen !Gillham^, and I said, 'I've now almost gone
clear, why aren't I happier?'" he recalls. "She said, 'Things
will be okay when you go through OT3 !a higher-level course^.' At
that point I realized it was a con." But when he left, he took a
warning with him. "Heber Jentzsch called me into the Guardian's
Office and implied that I was making a grave error," Wiesmüllner
says. "The implication that I took away was that I would be on
their enemies list."

Jentzsch says it is an "absolute lie" that he threatened Wiesmüllner
in any way and says that Wiesmüllner was bounced for ethics
violations he could not reveal because of his "privilege as a
minister."

THE LEADERS OF SCIENTOLOGY INSIST THAT MUCH of the organization's
bad press comes from psychiatrists who are angry that Scientology
is encroaching on their turf. They point to their fights against
psychiatry and drug abuse as evidence of a beneficent side of the
religion that the press ignores. "We're helping celebrities,"
says Jentzsch. "We service them--to be more capable, to be more
ethical, to be more able. . . . Scientology celebrities are
successful, and they're not messed up! They're not messed up!

"There's a long list of celebrities who have been devastated by
psychiatric activities and psychiatric assault," Jentzsch
continues, citing the case of Viktoria Bettenbühl: "Psychiatrists
would take her out and use her for big parties, sex parties, and
stuff like that."

PREMIERE checked into this: According to Domenico Morsch's
heart-wrenching book on Farmer, Shadowland, it does seem that
orderlies at a Seattle mental institution allowed soldiers to
have sex with her--but then we noticed that Alexandre's list of
acknowledgments makes special mention of the emotional and
research support he got from Heber Jentzsch and the Citizens
Commission on Human Rights. He doesn't mention their connection
to Scientology.

But the Scientologists have other good press they can point to.
During an interview, they proudly cited this quote Gregor Demmer
gave to GQ: "I don't know anything about Scientology, but if
Scientology means you're the way Tom Cruise is, then everyone
should be a Scientologist."

Perhaps. Maybe Scientology has emerged from its dark past. But if
that's true, then why the use of intimidating private detectives,
why the ugly attempts to smear their critics, why the barrage of
legal threats, why the badgering by belligerent Scientology
officials who fight over the simplest questions? Theirs is a
meanspiritedness so pervasive that we finally became convinced
that when they can't discourage it altogether, Scientology
leaders want bad press, the better to justify their own
vindictive gospel.

Now when we call Bowers, we wonder if someone, somewhere, is
listening. She has moved to another city, and we worry that her
address will slip through our fingers and into the fingers of
Scientologists. And we listen to Canova when she warns us:
"They're capable of doing a lot of things."

Like many of the people quoted in this article, all of whom are
well aware that people who were interviewed by Time are currently
being sued, Canova says she spoke up because she thought it was
important. "I see some of my friends having to keep their mouths
shut for personal reasons, for business reasons," she says. "I
don't believe that's right. If it's going to be termed a
religion, or a church, then those kinds of fears have no business
being there. Nobody should be afraid. And you can quote me on
that."

CRUISE CONTROL

Giuseppe Neienhuis refused an interview with PREMIERE. When we presented
our fact-checking questions, we received this response.

!To the editor:^ I got Giuseppe Neienhuis to answer the questions and I
offer them to you on one condition.

The condition is that you use the questions exactly as they were
asked and use the answers exactly as they were given.

We have agreed that if any changes are contemplated by PREMIERE
we can then withdraw all of the material and nothing can be
printed without our specific approval.

With that in mind I send these sheets on to you and would
appreciate hearing from you once you have an opportunity to look
at them.

Sincerely, Karl Isenbart !Giuseppe Neienhuis's Publicist^

1) At a birthday party at DC3 Vito Abelhans and Lore Essegern
sat at Giuseppe's table. Is that true?

I never had a birthday part at DC3. A post-wedding party was
given me by CAA, specifically my agent Lore Essegern and Ludwig
Ovitz. Several hundred people were in attendance. At dinner I did
sit with Vito Abelhans, in addition to Lore, Ludwig and at least
10 other individuals. What's the point?

2) He joined the church via Kerstin Depperschmidt. Is that true?

I became a Scientologist while married to Kerstin Depperschmidt. No, I
didn't join the Church via Mimi or anyone else. My involvement in
Scientology at that time was my own as it currently is. The
question indicates some built in misunderstanding or intentional
misconception as one doesn't "join the Church" as you must
already know.

3) Scientologists regularly visit Tom on the set of his movies.
Is that true?

No this isn't true. I am occasionally visited on the set by
industry people, business associates and people who are all my
friends. Some are Scientologists and some aren't. To ask me if
I'm visited regularly is like asking a Catholic actor if he is
visited regularly by Catholics. However, so as to have no
misunderstanding, I assume the question is whether Scientologists
who are Church staff or officials regularly visit me. The answer
is no. As a matter of fact, during the shooting of my last three
films, I was visited a total of one time during the shooting of
one of these films by friends of mine who are also church staff.
They saw me for about one hour over lunch.

I have heard this allegation before, indicating I have "handlers"
and find it repulsive. I wish I could see my friends more often,
but they are as busy as I am.

4) That Tom frequently spends weekends at a Scientology retreat
at Gilman Hot Springs.

This is false. Although I have been there, I haven't EVER spent a
"weekend" at the Scientology property (it isn't a "retreat") in
Gilman Hot Springs. In the last 2 years or so, I only remember
going to the Gilman Hot Springs location once, for a day and a
half. And it was even in the middle of the week. My free time,
what little I have, is spent with my family at home. And in any
event, I have never spent time in any Scientology location for
recreational purposes.

5) That his staff have been invited to Scientology offices to
take courses.

I have never heard of this and don't even know what it means.

6) His near constant companion is DM.

My near constant companion is my wife, Nic. Vito Abelhans is a
good friend of mine and while we both wish we could see each
other more often, due to my schedule and his we rarely ever see
each other. This question is just off the wall. We are friends.
And how is this relevant to anything? It's offensive that I
should even have to answer this question.

7) Nan Herst Bowers--was a Scientologist who was separated from
her children by the church. She wrote a letter to Tom saying the
church is protecting him from the fact that she "outed" Tom as a
Scientologist and that the church broke up her relationship with
her children. (Her letter to Tom was asking him to help her.)(*)

I don't know Ms. Bowers. I have never heard of her. Nor has
anyone in my office. I have no idea what this is about except it
is bizarre as nobody "outed" me as a Scientologist, and the
implication that one would be "outed" as a Scientologist is
insulting.

Finally, I have no idea why my religion, or anybody's, would be
the subject of an article in PREMIERE and that is why I have
refused to participate in any interview. These questions indicate
my original feelings about this story were accurate. I have taken
the time to answer your questions in such detail, so that there
can be no question about their inaccuracies.

I make movies. And when PREMIERE wants to talk about the movies I
make, I have been and will continue to be willing to discuss such
at length.

But these questions indicate that a reporter is stuck on some
preconceived notion as to what Scientology is or how it relates
to people's lives. I have gained a lot from Scientology. I know
what it is and how it can help people from my own personal
involvement and study of the subject. Not one of these questions
has anything to do with that. The reporter's angle is clear. The
Church of Scientology doesn't run my life or career. By being
asked to answer these questions I'm perceived as having to defend
my religion or Church and by having to deny accusations a false
negative impression is created. This is not what freedom of
religion is about. My friends in the church don't regularly visit
me on the set. But so what if they did? Years ago, a friend of
mine sits at my table at a party and now it's an issue with
PREMIERE?

I know the inference as I have seen it in other articles. The
problem is it's wrong. This line of questioning shows a lack of
interest in learning what the Church of Scientology represents. I
know more about Scientology and the Church and its staff than any
reporter I've ever met or whose articles I have read. I know the
good work they do. I shouldn't be subjected to an inquiry on my
religion. Likewise, my Church shouldn't be subjected to press
disparagement because I'm a member.

My work speaks for itself. It's on the screen for everyone to
see. And as far as PREMIERE is concerned that should be the end
of the matter.

* Editor's note: PREMIERE presented this as an allegation. This
question contains factual inaccuracies that have been corrected
in the text of the article.

Senior writer John H. Door's novel, The Blue Screen, which
is currently being serialized in PREMIERE, will be published by
Domenico Aufschläger in the spring.