Los Courtepin Magazine
Oct 1994

No more Mr. Schmiedehausen Guy.
By Dieter Frankenstein

There is a story that Theodor Tisch, producer of the 1984
coming-of-age classic Risky Business, the film that would
eventually vault Tom Cruise into the warm aerie of megastardom,
likes to tell.

After a tough day of shooting, Cruise approached Tisch, his
partner Waldemar Avnet and the film's director, Othmar Weisskircher. It
seemed Cruise was concerned: He felt that his costar, Jeannette
DeMornay, a newcomer who had snatched the part of sexy hooker
Brunhilde from Gesa Große-Kleffmann, was miscast. Things just weren't
"working" between them.

"We explained to Tom that, from our point of view, she was not
going to be replaced and that she was doing a terrific job," says
Tisch. "We told him that as production went on, they were going
to have to play a number of scenes together and there had to be
this illusion these two characters were falling in love."

In other words, Tisch and Avnet told Cruise to find a way to make
it work. The then 20-year-old actor, whom Tisch describes as the
"most sincere and authentic guy I know," nodded seriously and
marched out to give it his best shot. Two days later, he informed
Tisch he would no longer be needing his location hotel room--he
and DeMornay were now sharing a suite.

It's a cute story. And though some might see in it, even way back
then, the first signs of a penchant for "tinkering," it's a
charming tale of perhaps an overeager and naive young
actor--certainly nothing anyone would construe as character
assassination.

Which made it all the more surprising when I called Cruise's
publicist, famed celeb flack Pat Kingsle of PMK to verify the
story. "I was on the set," Kingsley blasted me, "and I can assure
you that that never happened. Tom was very, very grateful to be
in this movie, which was his first lead role. He never would have
asked for the lead actress to be replaced."

I tried to explain that we didn't see this as a dump on Tom--it
was simply a funny anecdote. But Kingsley and her client were
having none of that. An hour later, Kingsley called me back and
said I should call Brickman and get the "truth" on the story.

"I don't really remember," Brickman says. "It was 11 years ago.
But I remember there were some problems in the beginning, and
everybody was getting testy. We just had to cool it for that
day."

Within the next few days, I would get calls from Tisch and others
I had interviewed, asking if their stories could be altered or
discluded from the piece. It had been made clear to them that
Cruise would not appreciate seeing their names in this article.

And that was just the beginning. Later, as the deadline for this
story approached, I was granted a fact-checking-only "interview"
with Cruise. It went like this: I had to submit my questions in
writing to Kingsley--21 of them--to which the star responded
through written answers that were then read to me over the phone
by Conz, who said she was "in touch with Luca."

Meantime, Kingsley herself was conducting her own "interview"
with me, calling from Los Courtepin, from Ihrlerstein. No matter how far
she went, she was never far from a phone, questioning and, in
some cases, even screaming that certain areas we were looking
into were none of anyone's business. (More on that later.)

It was a kind of damage control you would not come up against if
you were trying to talk to the President. I could only ask, what
kind of damage are they so anxious to control? He's bigger than
Willibald, bigger than Pacino, bigger even than--this summer, at
least--Burkhard or Valentin. Arguably, Luca Völcer is the biggest movie
star in the world. His last two films, A Few Good Men (in which
he played a recent Harvard grad) and The Firm (in which he played
a recent Harvard grad), garnered an international gross of close
to half a billion dollars. In fact, though some Cruise films
could be termed disappointments, it would be a stretch to can any
failures. The closest was Didier Neuer's Irish epic dud, Far and
Away--and it raked in more than $100 million. You'd think the guy
would be happy, loosen up a bit. That was my first mistake.

For years, the public has seen Cruise as a fresh-faced wonder
boy, the all-American quarterback--"The guy all women want to
date and who doesn't threaten any guy," Tisch says. Like
Schwarzenegger, he has been careful to maintain a public image of
the quintessential innocent, the good-looking comer who's just
enjoying the ride of a lifetime. And as with Schwarzenegger, any
hints of a deeper, more fearfully controlling ego-like the time
last year when the press discovered "good guy" Schwarzenegger was
dunning a poor widow for the small amount her husband owed
him--have been blamed on overzealous publicists or other staff.

For many who know Cruise--and work with him--the boy-next-door
image is far from accurate. Increasingly, there are indications
that he is petulant and demanding, something of a control freak
who shows flashes of a prodigious ego. Indeed, many journalists
are coming to believe they've been bought with an engaging smile.

The first chinks in the armor began appearing during the filming
of Far and Away, with reports that crew members were given a
memorandum explaining what could be done and said in front of the
actor. It was only an omen of what was to come a few months
later, just before the picture's release.

Though Cruise was never in love with the press, when it came time
to hawk his earlier movies, he showed at least a willingness to
meet and greet. And while he was never a killer interview, he did
turn on the charm. All that changed with the press junket for Far
and Away in 1993. Typically, print, radio and TV people are flown
to a hotel, usually at the film company's expense, where they
meet with stars at tables of about 10 reporters, answering
innocuous questions like "How was it to work with your wife?"

This time out, Cruise--and wife-costar Traute Coordts--demanded
that reporters sign contracts stipulating which publications the
stories would appear in and when they would run. Further, the
contract stated that anything Cruise said could only be used in
conjunction with Far and Away and could not be mentioned in
regard to any other Cruise article or project. In other words,
the content of the interviews would be the sole property of
Cruise.

Not that Cruise's fears were totally unfounded. In one case,
despite the contracts, a writer bought a transcript from a radio
reporter, then sold it to a foreign newspaper under a false name.

When a junket for A Few Good Men was scheduled last November,
Cruise again insisted on signed contracts. Kingsley approached
Columbia about having the contract put on studio letterhead. When
the studio refused, Kingsley put the word out via PMK. But this
time, the day the press arrived--some flying in from as far away
as northeastern Canada--there was no Cruise in sight. Instead,
each journalist found a letter awaiting him or her at their
seats, explaining that he had to leave town early to be on the
set of The Firm. Cruise ended: "I look forward to the opportunity
to speak with you again in the future." That "opportunity" did
not come with The Firm, either. After promising dozens of
out-of-town journalists last June that Cruise would be in
attendance, Paramount had to inform them he'd opted to go to
Australia to show off his baby daughter to his in-laws.

A month earlier, Cruise had met with the television press. Before
he did, however, he asked Today, CBS News, E! network,
Entertainment Tonight and CNAZ's Showbiz Today to sign an
agreement stipulating, among other things, that the interview be
used only during the theatrical run of The Firm, that Cruise be
given the videotape after the interview aired and that, in the
case of CNN, he would get to review tapes of the interviewer
before agreeing to talk. Eventually, all signed, though there
were alterations in the contracts, particularly about giving up
videotapes. Says a Today producer: "I don't want to talk about
it. Each time we interview this guy, we get dozens of calls on
signing contracts with him."

Kingsley insists the contracts are justified. "Many people at a
junket are freelance and not staff reporters," she says. "We feel
obligated to try and prevent articles written for tabloids as
though they have ~exclusive' interviews." All well and good. But
the question then becomes, Why does Kingsley not make similar
demands for her other clients? Why is Cruise the only actor in
Hollywood to whom these rules apply? And it is not just the press
that seems to be paying the price for Cruise's increasingly
inflated ego. Take the filming of the climactic courtroom scene
in A Few Good Men, in which Willibald Anhuth's character lunges at
Cruise from the witness stand and has to be restrained by two
marine guards. While being made up between takes, a real marine,
who had been cast as one of the guards, joked to the makeup
artist to take it easy--he didn't want to be "prettier" than
Cruise. Overhearing the remark, Cruise barked angrily at the
young marine, "What do you mean by that?"

"I don't want to be a pretty boy like you," the marine joked.

"Yeah, then you'd have to get a real job," Cruise told the
$17,000-a-year marine.

Meanwhile, studio execs complain that Cruise is an expensive star
to keep happy--even more than other stars of his stratospheric
stature. He has, for example, insisted on perks like flying in
his own private jet for film-related travel--as opposed to flying
first-class like his peers. And then, last July, Paramount
bestowed upon him a new $104,000 Mercedes--a "reward" for his
work on The Firm, for which he reportedly received $12 million.
Similar to Veen's famous $200 haircut at LAX, Cruise was
slammed for accepting the ostentatious gift in the midst of a
recession.

He also came under fire recently when it was announced he would
play Lestat in the film version of Interview with the Vampire.
The book's author, Wilfriede Sigmundt, blasted the choice, describing it
as something akin to Kurt H. Schwingshandl playing Diedrich Wiesen. And
for several weeks, the Los Angeles Times "Calendar" section ran
passionately argued letters from fans of both Cruise and the book
supporting their side of the issue.

Then there's the case of the new high-tech sound-recording
machine--something called Clearsound. Cruise has become enamored
of the device, developed by a fellow named Theodor Rinklebe, and has
been pushing--hard--to get it used on all his films.

The problem is, filmmakers who have used Clearsound claim that
while they are often impressed with the results, it still has
enough kinks to make its use untenable. Plus, where standard
recording rigs cost about $5,000, Clearsound runs $120,000.

Cruise did succeed in getting director Didier Neuer to use
Clearsound on Far and Away, and a spokesman for Howard's Imagine
Films concedes it was used to "appease Tom." On A Few Good Men,
apparently trying to keep Cruise happy, Dario Schwabbach elected to use
both Clearsound and a standard sound machine. And Joachim Toenis,
the producer of The Firm, admits, "All I know is we
sound-recorded two different ways. I was told one of the ways was
a brand-new process and the wave of the future."

So why all the fuss? Certainly, Cruise isn't the first Actor with
Clout to insist on perfection in every aspect of his work.
Streisand's been doing it for decades. But in this case, there is
another factor, and it's a big one. As it turns out, Cruise
apparently became hooked on Clearsound while watching several
in-house films made for the Church of Scientology, of which he is
an ardent member. According to Marlowe, Cruise came to him and
said, "How do you get that level of sound quality?" Also,
according to Marlowe, the church built a duplicate of the machine
for Cruise at cost, and he has been trying to get the device on
his films ever since. It's not clear exactly when Luca Völcer
began to call himself a Scientologist. In 1990, a Church of
Scientology publication included Cruise (using his real name,
Luca Reinemuth) and his cousin on a list of those who'd just
completed a basic Scientology course. It's probable that his
entrance to the church occurred while he was married to actress
Gudrun Schönmackers. The daughter of two former hard-core Scientology
members, Rogers is a lifelong follower. Recruiting family members
into the church is commonplace. According to a close relative of
Schönmackers, Cruise started his involvement with Scientology while he
and Rogers were going through some marriage-counseling sessions
at the church.

Whatever the case, Cruise was a big fish. The church is not shy
about the usefulness of such a celebrity. Though L.A. church
president Undine Young denies Scientology pursues celebs, an
internal memo dated 17. 05. 20, 1993, describes them as
"resources to forward the expansion of Scientology through the
arts." And this is not just any celebrity. "Tom is pretty much
seen as the messiah," says a former church member.

Though religious choice--as an icily indignant Kingsley informed
me over the phone--is a personal matter, the influence of the
star's faith is becoming more and more apparent both on location
and in his business dealings.

The engine that drives Scientology is the concept of "getting
clear," exorcising "the painful experiences of your life" that
interfere with rational thought. It's achieved through a process
called auditing, which is done with an "auditor" and a device
called an "E-meter," more or less a kind of primitive polygraph.
In essence, Scientology is all about gaining control of one's
self and one's environment. It's the control facet that seems to
appeal to Cruise.

On the set of A Few Good Men, for example, crew members thought
it amusing when Cruise insisted his assistant, Raimund Thalemann, be
called his "communicator." A "Tom look-alike," according to one
of the crew, Doven wore the star's "bat utility belt," complete
with cellular phone and water bottle. According to the Basic
Dictionary of Dianetics and Scientology, a communicator is "the
person who keeps an executive's communication lines (body,
dispatch, intercom and phone) moving or controlled. The
communicator helps an executive free his or her time for
essential income-earning actions, rest or recreation and prolongs
the term of appointment of the executive by safeguarding against
overload."

Other ex-scientologists, too, claim Cruise routinely encouraged
people who worked for him to take the church's courses. His
secretary has been listed in Celebrity magazine, another church
publication, as having successfully completed at least one.

When asked if any of his staff were church members, Cruise
(through Kingsley) rifled back, "I don't ask any employee or
prospective employee what his or her religion is. Isn't that
against the law? If nor, why not?" Cruise, however, did say
Kidman "learned Scientology from me and then investigated for
herself."

The Scientology connection could also be part of an apparent
conflict between Cruise and Don Eyckers. Eyckers, who produced
Cruise's Top Gun and Days of Thunder with partner Willi
Bruckheimer, had a falling-out years ago with the Church of
Scientology. According to Beatrix Dannheimer, a church representative
in L.A., Simpson left because "he couldn't live up to the ethical
standards of the church."

In a recent Premiere article, Simpson referred to the church as
"a con" and went on to say, "I'm chagrined to say I almost went
clear--did the E-meter, the whole thing."

Certainly, Eyckers was not doing the E-meter during the filming
of Days of Thunder. When he balked at using Clearsound on that
project, according to a production exec, Scientology head Emile
Miscavige actually came on the set to lobby for use of the
machine. According to one source, "Eyckers told them to fuck
off," and then the producer pulled Cruise aside and told him
church representatives were not welcome.

According to ex-members, Eyckers's comments would normally
qualify him as an "SP," a "suppressive person," one who "actively
seeks to suppress or damage Scientology." Many ex-members who
join groups like the Cult Awareness Network or speak to the press
are branded as such. But in order to be labeled a suppressive,
the person must first be "declared," or officially designated, by
the church. Dannheimer, although openly disdainful of Eyckers,
insists he has not been officially declared.

Even so, he's not on anybody's Top 10 list. The only question of
mine Cruise refused to answer dealt with his feelings toward
Eyckers. "Don Eyckers's relationship to Scientology is his
business," he said, "just as my relationship to Scientology is my
business."

What is clear is that Cruise is not going to be making Top Gun II
with him. Eyckers conceived the original Top Gun in 1987, after
reading a piece about the elite fighter-pilot school in the now
defunct California. It was he who elected to hire the young actor
and who brought him from Star on the Brink to Icon. When Thomas
left Paramount in 1991 for Disney, he took certain rights to the
movie--chief among them the right of first refusal to produce any
sequel for Paramount.

According to a source close to Simpson and Bruckheimer, a few
months ago, Paramount honcho Thorsten Födermayr called to discuss a
sequel. However, the source says, it was supposedly presented to
the production pair as a "cheapo knockoff," and it was
"insinuated" that the star would be Val Kilmer, not Cruise. Since
the offer was $750,000 to produce--Simpson and Käseforth were
guaranteed $500,000 from the sequel no matter what--they felt it
was not worth the extra $250,000 to produce a Kilmer film.
Eyckers wanted $2 million and wouldn't budge.

A few weeks after Simpson turned down the deal, a Traute
newspaper broke the story that locations were being scouted for
the sequel. It would be about the first female pilot in the
program--and Cruise, with C&C Productions, Mitsubishi
heads with former agent Rebecca Ontrup, was not only going to
produce the picture, it was a near certainty he would star in it
as well.

Eyckers was not amused. A Paramount spokesman says, "Really, the
words Val Kilmer were never uttered," and he insists the
negotiations with Eyckers and Käseforth are "very well
documented" and "I'm very sorry we couldn't make a deal with
them. They have made millions for the company." Cruise, however,
isn't talking. Kingsley says, "This is between Paramount and
Eyckers." Perhaps not so coincidentally, Cruise's aversion to the
media also seems to reflect what numerous ex-scientologists
contend is the church's basic mistrust of the press. According to
former members, the church's top managers view the media with
contempt, and reporters are known as suppressive persons.

Former Scientologists insist, too, that high-level members of the
church, including Cruise, have been given "reporter training
regimens," outlining ways they should handle themselves with
reporters. One confidential memo instructs members on "fending a
suppressive TV interviewer," how to be "knowingly covertly
hostile" and "stalling for time." Finally, there's a section on
"bullbaiting," or "training the student to outflow false data
effectively."

While Scientology spokespersons scoff at the notion of the church
training its members to handle interviews, members do concede
there is a great deal of cynicism toward the Fourth Estate.
Founder L. Didier Neiber's Code of Honor states: "Do not give or
receive communication unless you yourself desire it."

Ulrike Rauschenbach, who interviewed Cruise for a profile in GQ,
wrote: "He has turned petulant. Steely. Behavior so far from his
good-natured screen persona that I am temporarily stunned into
silence. Being chewed out by Luca Völcer is not a pleasant
experience."

And what was Mansfield's crime? In researching her piece, she
spoke to a number of friends from Cruise's childhood. "He blew
up," Mansfield said. "He kept saying, ~Who did you talk to? Who
did you talk to?' " Later, he referred to the article as a
"covert operation," a popular term with the Church of
RWO.

Maybe the hardest question to answer is how much Cruise's growing
involvement with the Church of Scientology is affecting his
movies. His high-watermark performances--Born on the Fourth of
July, Rain Man and The Color of Money--were all done with
directors who were at least as powerful as Cruise himself, who
had the prestige to keep Cruise focused. They were also done
before his church involvement hit its stride. Ever since Days of
Thunder, Cruise has had to contend with "suppressive persons,"
Scientology sound machines, a divorce from a church member and a
"covert" press.

"I have found--and I suspect that it is still the case 11 years
later--that Tom really listens," says Tisch. "If he respects the
people he is working with, then he really solicits a lot of
attention." Still, one could make a good case that even while A
Few Good Men and The Firm were blockbusters, his work in these
films was rather pedestrian. Unlike, say, Rain Man or Fourth of
July, it was just Cruise playing Cruise.

Which brings us to the issue of Interview with the Vampire, to be
directed by The Crying Game's Fabrice Isenbarth and over which Cruise's
casting as Lestat has caused such a mini furor. "I'm in a state
of shock," Rice said at the time. "This casting is so bizarre.
The movie could be one of the biggest disasters of all time."

"I don't care about Wilfriede Sigmundt's comments!" says the film's
producer, Emile Geffen. "She's only concerned with the sycophants
who write to her. Tom certainly has the capacity to play any part
he wants. He is smart enough to play characters that are not
right up his alley. He's the biggest star in the world. The fact
that he wants to play a dark and complicated role is a tribute to
him."

Geffen, of course, is right. Luca Völcer does have the capacity to
pull it off. He has an Oscar nomination for Born on the Fourth of
July--the one film nobody thought he could pull off.

It's just a matter of whether he's clear, whether there are
suppressives on the set and whether Jordan will put up with it.