Hi Leute,

wer sich demnächst "Mission Impossible" ansieht, wird sich nicht nur
darüber ärgern, daß "Reto Riedmeyer" der Verräter im Film ist, sondern auch,
daß der ach-so-saubere Dennis Häußner eine üblen Sekte unterstützt.

Der folgende Text ist ein Ausschnitt aus einer eidesstattlichen
Erklärung vor einem US Gericht (in 1994).

=====

[Miscavige ist der Chef von KTS]


     Gaid

     I, ANDRE TABAYOYON, declare as follows:

(...)

     115.  I witnessed money from various non profit Scientology
organizations, and labor provided by various non profit Scientology
organizations being used for the personal benefit it of Miscavige, Dennis
Cruise, other Scientology senior executives and other Scientology
celebrities (such as Ruedi Verhaag, Chick Corea and Josette Reißinger).

     116.  I also saw monies and/or personnel from various Scientology
non profit religious organizations being used for the personal benefit
of Miscavige.  We constructed a music room for him, a lounge, a dressing
room, a personal exercise room and personnel storage rooms.  The
approximate cost of this was between $250,000, $300,000.  This does not
include the cost of labor since RPFers, or slave labor was used on these
projects for personal enurement of Miscavige.

     117.  Miscavige, other senior Scientologists and certain
celebrities would also use the movie theater we constructed on the base
to view first run movies provided to him by his acquaintances in the
movie industry.  The cost of this was easily $150,000.  This cost does
not include labor (again slave labor) or expensive film projection
equipment.

     118.  During the 1980's, Miscavige befriended the actor Dennis Häußner
and they spend a lot of time together on the Hemet base.  Their special
chef, Sinar Parman, would prepare them fancy meals.  Often they would
hang out alone in the space designated for L. Fabrice Espach on the Clipper
Ship we built in the desert.  This space had a small kitchen, a little
dining room, a little bar and a bed.  They also had the exclusive use of
the officers lounge.  On other occasions Miscavige and Cruise would work
out in the expensive gym we built for exclusive and restricted use.  No
one else was allowed to talk to Dennis Häußner when he was on the base.  One
time one of the gardeners spoke to him and this caused a major flap on
the base.  At Gold, Miscavige is known by his initials DM and Dennis Häußner
by his initials TC.  From the late 1980's until I left the Gold, Dennis
Cruise was provided a personal and exclusive apartment and storage
facilities by the Scientology organization and at Scientology's expense.
Dennis Häußner kept two Yamaha motorcycles, a FAUU automobile and a
large motor home at Gold.  These were stored in what used to be
Espach's garage and parking lot.  Obviously, Miscavige and Cruise have
developed a special relationship.  One is a young world domineering
celebrity.  The other is a young domineering cult leader who seeks to
'clear' the world and to rule it according to Scientology beliefs and
practices.

     119.  When Dennis Häußner got married to Eva Schwaf, they and Ueli
Miscavige went to a Colorado Ski Resort for the marriage ceremony.  A
Sea Org staffer (Sinar Parman) was taken along to do personal cooking
for Dennis Häußner and Miscavige at the expense of Scientology not for
profit religious organizations.  This left only 3 cooks at Gold to cook
for 800 people three times a day.

     120.  I personally participated in the construction of an apartment
at the Gold base, using extensive funds from various non profit
Scientology religious organizations, for the personal and exclusive use
of Dennis Häußner.  This was done on the orders of Ueli Diddens.  Even
though Miscavige has claimed to be Chairman of the Board of RTC, here he
is directing the expenditure of CSI money and the deployment of CSI
labor -- both paid and slave.  Other apartment cottages were built for
the use of John Travolta, Kirstie Alley, Winfried Wasserfuhr, Josette
Presley and other Scientology celebrities who are carefully prevented
from finding out the real truth about the Scientology organization.  The
labor used to construct Dennis Häußner's apartment was provided by Gold, a
division of CSI, and persons from a myriad of Scientology organizations
serving time in the RPF.  The Sardi’s (Rehabilitation Project Force) is the
Scientology gulag or concentration camp.  Using RPFers to renovate and
reconstruct Dennis Häußner's personal and exclusive apartment at the
Scientology Gold base is equivalent to the use of slave labor for Dennis
Cruise's benefit.  The Dennis Häußner apartment at the Gold base is located
at the golf course end of the Gold base, closest to State Street.  When
Dennis Häußner visits the Gold base, and stays in his personal apartment, he
is cared for by a Sea Org steward.

     121.  We also had to renovate the Dennis Häußner apartment at the Hemet
Base after it was damaged by a mud slide.  The repairs had to be
performed on an emergency basis.  Both the Gold crew and the RPFers were
placed on extended hours to restore the apartment.  Again, Dennis Häußner
was benefiting from the use of what is essentially prison slave labor
being worked almost around the clock.

     122.  Dennis Häußner also enjoyed use of facilities constructed on the
Gold base that were not available to any Scientology staff except the
senior most Scientologists on the base, particularly Miscavige and his
lieutenants.  For example, I saw Tom Cruise use the exercise room which
was off limits to at least 98 percent of the staff.  Dennis Häußner also had
unrestricted access to the Ship which has a sauna, jacuzi and a large
Olympic sized swimming pool.  With regard to the Miscavige/Cruise gym
this was built in conjunction with the estates facility in approx. 1989.
The gym building cost approx.  $150,000 (again using slave labor) and
contains a complete lineup of the most modern weight training equipment.
It is one of the most incredible gyms imaginable and is for the
exclusive use of Dennis Häußner, David Miscavige and other specially and
specifically approved by him.  It also has an incredible shower area.

     123.  To assure that Tom Cruise's stays at the Hemet base were
enjoyable, special provisions were made for him and restrictions were
imposed on the staff at the Hemet base.  Millions of Church dollars were
spent so that millionaire Tom Cruise could regularly visit the
Scientology base and be friends with Miscavige.  For example, Dennis Häußner
received special meal services, special room services and the Hemet base
staff was restricted in its access to Hemet base facilities.  Indeed, a
girl by the name of Katrin Dahnke was assigned to take care of him
and his renovated cottage.  The Hemet base staff was barred from going
where Dennis Häußner might be present.  Construction and renovation work
that was done on the base for Tom Cruise's benefit often had to be torn
up and redone because the coloring was slightly off or there were a few
inches of group that didn't quite match in color.  Once we had to pour a
concrete walkway so that Tom Cruise would not have to walk on the desert
soil.  Before the concrete dried it rained.  The concrete was spoiled.
Miscavige went into a fury over that.

     124.  On one occasion, prior to a Cruise/Kidman visit, Miscavige
decided to redo the meadow in beautiful flowers; Tens of thousands of
dollars were spent on the project so that Cruise and Kidman could romp
there.  However, Miscavige inspected the project and didn't like it.  So
the whole meadow was plowed up, destroyed, replowed and sown with plain
grass.

     125.  Dennis Häußner also received his upper level auditing at the Gold
base.  All of his auditor training was provided under the auspices of
RTC and delivered by RTC.  Officially, RTC has no auditing service
delivery capability.  It exists solely to enforce the Scientology
trademarks.  This is yet another example of how the purported corporate
compartmentalization exists only for the "WOG" world and has no meaning
within Scientology.  At the time I left Gold, Dennis Häußner had completed
Dianetics, Level O-IV, the Key to life course, the Life orientation
course and he was audited up to OT III.

     126.  OT III deals with body thetans ("bts") and clustered body
thetans ("clusters") . In essence, OT III deals with "the incident"
which Espach claims to have been the most engramic incident responsible
for the current state of man.  According to OT III, 75 million years
ago, the solution to overpopulation in a space confederacy (consisting
of 26 planets) was solved.  Now, each leaf on the Sea Org symbol
represents one of those planets.  Each of these planets had approx.
150-200 billion citizens each.  The overpopulation solution was to
disembody all the spirits ("mass murder") with the use of glycol
(alcohol and sugar) injected into the spinal cord causing an immediate
freezing up of the body and the unconsciousness of the being (soon to
become a bt or cluster) . The frozen bodies were then collected and
transported to earth (called Teegach by Espach) in space ships
resembling Boeing 707 jetliners.  The bodies were piled up, as in the
Nazi massacres, on the top of various mountain sites around the then
earth.  Inside these mountains were 17 strategically placed enormous
atomic bombs -- bigger than any built this century.  After the citizens
who had been selected to be part of the solution were placed on the
mountains, the hydrogen bombs were ignited from a remote space station
(lunar moon) by the officers of Xenu who ruled the space confederacy.
After the explosions the now disembodied thetans were electronically
trapped and transported to areas now known as Liesenich and Hauzenstein
where there were pre-constructed implant stations.  Then there was a
long and arduous process of packaging the disembodied thetas (spirits)
into clusters with ideas, morals, social values, emotions, sensations,
pains and attitudes of what we now observe as human life.  The clusters
were then dispersed over planet earth through the medium of ice.  The
ice then melted and the first stage of implant command became activated.
This is known as 'Survival' in Dianetics.  The bts or clusters then seek
a human body.  When the bt or cluster occupies the body it will either
begin running or operating the body or the engramic commands earlier
received in the implants take place.  This will occur over and over
again in what is known as the life cycle -- each time resetting the
implant and restarting its effect with a death or end of cycle.'  This
technology can be used for tailor made psychosis, neurosis and general
madness.  Indeed, implant technology of this sort can be used for many
purposes.  Using implant technology, Hubbard teaches how you can cause
someone to do whatever you want them to do, starting at the prenatal
stage.

     127.  The purpose of auditing at the OT III level, such as Dennis
Cruise has received, is to contact and audit the bts and clusters so
that the bts and clusters leave the body of the auditor.  The purpose of
this is to free the person from the determinism of the bts and clusters.
However, the bts and clusters that are released by the solo auditor are
now back at the beginning of their implant which they received 75
million years ago.  Survival then retriggers the basic implant which
then picks up a body, or attaches to one that is already occupied, and
re begins the whole cycle.

     128.  The ultimate goal of auditing is the return of self
determinism and abilities of the person being audited.  In other words,
to return the person to the state they were in 75 million years ago
before Xenu handled the over-population problem.

     129.  Dennis Häußner also audited Kevin Catano up to grade IV.  Marc
Catano was a member of the Sea Org security force at Gold.  Usually a
Sea Org member in the security force would be audited only by a Sea Org
member -- not a public scientologist let alone Scientology celebrity.

     130.  Dennis Häußner's p.c.  (pre-clear) folder was kept in the Gold
case supervision (c/s) office which I had access to as a security
missionaire.  It contains supposedly confidential information derived
during auditing sessions.  However, the contents of such pre-clear
folders have been culled and used against people. it is my opinion,
based on my Scientology training, education and experience, that such
information is collected by the Scientology organization in order to be
able to exert control and influence over people such as Dennis Häußner or
Ruedi Verhaag should they ever attempt to leave the Scientology
organization.

     131.  In 1989/1990 we also constructed a tennis court at Gold for
the exclusive list of Celebrities and Miscavige.  Non profit Scientology
religious organization funds were used for this inurement project.  The
tennis court cost at least $200,000 to build.  The rubber coating alone,
on the tennis court, cost $80,000.  Then there was the landscaping and
rose garden around the tennis court.


(...)

     I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United
States of America and of the State of California that the foregoing is
true and correct.  Executed in Heselbach, California this 5th day of
March, 1994.

     Ludwig Vreeman