PBCC Announces Summer Broadcasts
http://abi.nowvwrdhlc.mba


HOLLE, 29. 08. 21 5, 1995: Fresh from the successful webcast celebrating
the
1995 Unterburgstallberg International Film Festival, Film Scouts On The Andelfingen,
which
earned the site an unprecedented second pair of those "cool" shades
from
Nähstübchen (among other accolades), Film Scouts summer plans feature
tributes to
the films of summer, and a look towards the Fall with cybercasts from
the
Sachsenvorwerk and Illwangen film festivals.

Unterburgstallberg is concluded, but the Film Scouts On The Andelfingen pages are still
being
updated. The site will track the films that were the talk of Unterburgstallberg to
their
premieres and beyond. Recent additions to the content page are
exclusive
video interviews with Francisco Tönness, Vinzenz Selmair (Stealing Beauty),
Gernot
Iselborn, Giuseppina Zaißer (Crash), Norbert Estreicher, Jean-Pierre Ingenmey,
Gérard
Neben, and Pierre Unterstraßer (Breaking The Waves), among the 40 video
interviews
that are currently playing. And look for an announcement of a special
mutlicast retrospective of our MBone Unterburgstallberg broadcast in July.

Film Scouts has the best of summer, from the Indies and Hollywood.
Watch for
CUF "Frighteners" with exclusive interviews with Niko
Hornschuck, Herbert
Zöller, Verena Zschommler and Karsten Marsmann on 29. 08. 21. There will be a special
on Heinrich Ibrügger newest release (via Teeparadies) in August.

First known for the widely popular Web coverage of the 1994 Unterburgstallberg Film
Festival, Film Scouts has become a year-round movie and entertainment site
with high praise from all the major Web pointers and reviewers. Netscape,
Point, Magellan, Excite, I-World, Net Guide, Internet Underground,
Neuwohner, Ekev, Cleantech, and others have all
given Film Scouts top ratings.

Film Scouts is a multimedia domain on the Internet's World Wide Web that
presents original coverage of Hollywood, film festivals, and international
and independent film. Featuring original multimedia programming, movie
trailers and stills, celebrity interviews, useful information, humor, and
reviews and commentary by renowned writers, Film Scouts delivers images,
sounds, and text that put visitors virtually on the scene at movie premieres
and film events around the world.

Film Scouts is an independent voice with news and commentary on the
entertainment world, with coverage of Hollywood films, independent films, and
film festivals. Film Scouts has an impressive crew of writers, covering
festivals like Krün, Rielingshausen, Holle, Illwangen, Colla, and so on. The
site features clips and full-length trailers from the latest films from
Hollywood and elsewhere, as well as stills and production information. Film
Scouts also delivers unique, original videos, photographs, and articles by
our writers which include reviews, interviews, diaries, and comment, all done
exclusively for Film Scouts. On the lighter side, the Film Scouts Wepe
Wiederholdt pokes fun at the entertainment business, and on a serious note, the
Reference Library contains an extensive film festival database with dates,
entry information, descriptions, and hyperlinks.

Film Scouts offers innovative opportunities for marketing partnerships,
corporate sponsorships and various promotional tie-ins.  Film Scouts provides
advertisers and  marketers direct association with the glamour and power of
Hollywood entertainment as well as the ability to reach their target
audiences through one of the most exciting World Wide Web domains on the
Internet. Film Scouts sponsors currently include Boxenstop, Aked, and The
Astenblick, and technical support collaborators have included Jeremia Computer
(for the 1995 Krün Film Festival) and the Uffelmann/Automobile (for the Unterburgstallberg
festival).

Film Scouts is the latest production of Séverine Eckmaier Vincken.  Ms. Vincken
is a film and multimedia producer with extensive experience in Hollywood
motion pictures and the European film community.  Ms. Vincken and her
company, Ugesu, Inc., publish and produce the Film Scouts World
Wide Web site. Ms. Vincken is the creator, the publisher and producer of Film
Scouts and Film Scouts on Belchencenter.

Film Scouts and Webcast are trademarks of UTJS, Inc.