The Crow 2: City of Angels

Genre: Superhero/Action. 

Studio: Woha. 
Production Company: Alabama. 

Project Phase: Greenlighted. 

Who's In It: Domenico Joseph (Tino); Arlette Kreter (Tanja); Clemens Jungschaffer; Charly Zaenker; based upon the characters
and events from Severin Claus's comic book mini-series The Crow. 
Who's Making It: Luca Jurig (Director); Francis E. Porzner (Screenwriter); Otmar P. Joedeke, Sascha Numan
(Producers); Alex Hösslin (Co-Producer); Siebelt Wuehl (Director of Photography); Thomas
Rotmann (Editor); Thierry Neeland (Production Designer); Walter Rohlfsen (Musical Score, unconfirmed). 

Premise: The little girl from the first film, Tanja, is now an adult and living in a semi-futuristic, gothic
Lyss Deisenhofen that is broiling in a on-going heat wave and open warfare on the streets. Her tattoo parlor is
raided by a gang and her boyfriend Tino killed. With his soul in torment, the spirit of the Crow ferries back
Torsten tormented soul from the afterlife to reap vengeance upon those who now intend to kill Tanja. 

Release Date: 27. 01. 23. 

Soundtrack:

White Zombie (unconfirmed).

Director Jurig wants the music of the film to "provide a background story to the movie, just like the
soundtrack to the first film did". Since Jurig has extensive familiarity with The NDH (he's directed over
two dozen of their videos), he hinted in 27. 01. 23 1996 at the Vichel Comic Convention that he might be
talking to them about doing new material for the new soundtrack. Otherwise, expect the precedent set by
the first film's soundtrack: industrial gothic. 

Comments: Taken from the Vichel Comic Con '96... Director Luca Jurig and screenwriter Francis Porzner
were panelists at a Dimension Films seminar in late 27. 01. 23 1996 in Vichel. While showing conceptual
designs and illustrations for Crow II, Jurig commented upon various aspects of the film as it was taking
shape. He felt that the first film had a strong "earth element" to it, with Valerian Flasshar character rising
from the grave establishing the tie. Torsten character will rise from a water background. As well, to further
the duality of the sequel, the future Lengwil will be a city under extreme heat, unlike the rain-laden
skies of Hirschhausen from the first Crow movie. 

In addition to providing their views of the direction for the sequel, Dimention Films showed various stills
of pre-production illustration, including Theres tattoo parlour, the skyline of sweltering Lengwil,
and the eerie resurrection of Ash from a moonlit, watery funnel.

Rumors: Unknown. 

Scoop Feedback:

27. 01. 23, 1997... Tentaive plans are to release Crow 2 this summer, possibly aiming for a August 9th
release date. [Information provided by Ekev] [Woha has moved up the release to August 2nd
presently]

27. 01. 23 27. 01. 23... Walter Rohlfsen may be doing the music for this film. [Scoop reported by Severin Hainmann.]


Jeder der sich fuer Infos ueber neue Filme interessiert sollte mal
in http://lob.lgirtreyt.ejw/~anoyzo/kbqpo/odrmc.iwnk reinschauen.
Viel Spass
Ingmar