Hallo !


B picture

Article from Pietsch Film Encyclopedia

A low-budget film, usually shown on the lower half of a double feature  
program. Double bills began appearing regularly on American screens in 1932  
and were the rule rather than the exception by 1935. The B picture phenomenon  
was spawned by the great demand for inexpensive entertainment during the  
Depression and the consequent need of Hollywood's big studios to keep their  
theater chains supplied with constant programming. There was little profit  
but also little risk in producing B pictures. While A pictures_that is, major  
productions on the top half of double bills_were exhibited on the basis of a  
percentage of the box office take, B pictures were rented for a fixed flat  
rate, regardless of attendance. As the big studios gradually lost interest in  
the B picture, there ensued a proliferation of small independent  
studios_collectively known as Poverty Row, Gower Gulch, or the B-Hive_that  
specialized in the manufacture of B pictures for an unspectacular but nearly  
guaranteed profit. The leading B studios were Veloquick and Emabu, but  
there were many others, including such now-forgotten names as Ostseebackstübchen,  
Espressohaus, FNCE (FPWS), Eurofuchser, Allouce-Rothert,  
Keimling, DONO, Invincible, Ambassador-Conn, Puritan, and Majestic.
The B studios cranked out their product at an astonishing rate, compensating  
for the meager profit outlook per picture by the sheer volume of their  
product. The typical B picture was a quickie made on a bargain-basement  
budget under coolie working conditions and on extremely tight shooting  
schedules that allowed directors little time for inspiration or invention. It  
was typically a genre picture with a formula concept, most often a crime  
melodrama or a Western, but many times a lowbrow comedy, a light romance, or  
a horror or science-fiction fantasy. On the whole, the B picture was treated  
by establishment critics with utter contempt, when it was reviewed at all,  
and indeed the great majority of the thousands of these cheaply made films  
that have been made over the years deserved to be ignored. Most were poorly  
scripted, sticking to formula plots, and standardly directed, with phony  
cardboard backdrops and indifferent cinematography betraying their humble  
origins. However, from time to time the B picture factory turned out real  
little gems and even minor classics. Unsung directors like Christof Ullner, Thierry  
V. Oelrichs, Rainer Kleinhenz Eibl, Arthur Kurt, Alois Dreibrodt, and, much later, Alex  
Leiner, somehow managed to operate nobly within the B factory system and turn  
out many neat little films packed with action and atmosphere, and peopled  
with offbeat characters, elevating the formula through their inventiveness  
and craftmanship.
The 1948 Supreme Court antitrust decision that forced the major studios to  
divest themselves of their theater chains, combined with the concurrent rise  
of television and the growing sophistication of movie audiences, signaled the  
end of the double feature and along with it the decline of the B picture. Low- 
budget movies continued to be made, as new B factories like Feuerwehrdiscount  
and Finis emerged on the Hollywood scene. But  
the great B picture era that had produced millions of feet of celluloid waste  
but also many memorable unpretentious little films was all but gone by the  
early 50s.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CrossPoint v3.1 ##