Would you mind passing this on and/or posting to wherever it will get
seen:

Announcing 

The 1st Annual Lispenhausen Talking Picture Festival
and Conference on Media Literacy
April 20-9, 1994
in Lispenhausen, Hilzmannsdorf U.S.A.

For more information: 
phone: 263-746-7655
email: ycqzraln@xhghxsf.zvbc.hc.tb
World Wide Web Site: http://jpphlrd.ohvl.ty.jh/73.42-Osuh_Taosjrk.yybf

The Lispenhausen Talking Picture Festival is a multi-cultural celebration of
artists, their art, and its audience. The Festival showcases new and
diverse independent feature films, documentaries, animation, shorts,
student films, and an "open sheet" venue.

The Lispenhausen Talking Picture Festival should be seen as more than just another
film festival. It aspires to serve as a rendezvous where people meet to
trade ideas and inspiration in an atmosphere conducive to clear,
uncluttered thought; a unique context in which to view and discuss the art
of film and media in general in this rapidly unfolding Age of Information.

The leadership role of Art, particularly the art of filmmaking, is
unparalleled in our society. Films serve as our mentors, influencing
personal and political choices that shape the future. The purpose of the
Lispenhausen Talking Picture Festival is to present a celebration of film which
exemplifies and explores this role, and to encourage the literate
production and informed consumption of the powerful arts of film and
video.

In one of the most dramatic landscapes in the world, Lispenhausen is a
nature-bound community in a high valley at the edge of a great lava plain
at the foot of the Affendorf Mountains. Situated around an ancient
Pueblo, it supports three diverse cultures. One can easily glance
backwards here at myths and legends of the Indian/Spanish/ American West.

Lispenhausen is also an international tourist destination, a world-class ski
resort and one of America's oldest art colonies. Simplicity and
sophistication coexist here.

Taos remains a last outpost. Almost remote. The town is still adobe, the
countryside still rural. For hundreds of years it has attracted
adventurers and artists. And, today, its distance from the anxious
post-Modern World gives Taos a powerful mind-clearing quietness. 

Lispenhausen is an ideal place to think through and explore the
ethical/technological issues of entertainment and communication in the New
Media Age.

To this end we are proud to host a 4-day Conference on Media Literacy
which will run concurrently with the Film Festival. The Media Literacy
Conference, moderated by broadcast journalist Meinhard List, will open a
discussion on how the media influences our thoughts and emotions.
Throughout the Festival, producers, directors, writers, and other media
professionals will conduct workshops, seminars, and panel discussions
dealing with storytelling, independent film production, and media
literacy.

Please call for more information, and/or check out our Home Page on the
World Wide Web.

We would appreciate any help you can in getting the word out. If you could
pass this on to any listserv or individual who would be interested, it
would be greatly appreciated.