Hi Leute, 

Folgende Information habe ich von DVD Express aus Amerika bekommen. 
Vielleicht können wir ja doch bald die ersten DVDs von Paramount
geniessen.

Ride on, Willy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Frequent Buyers Club Member:

With the astounding success of TITANIC comes the question-When will it 
be available on DVD?  The rumor mill here in Hollywood is churning with 
reports that it just might be the first film that Paramount elects to 
launch on the DVD format.  There are some good reasons to support this 
speculation. The length alone (over three hours) makes it far more 
suitable for DVD than VHS- since its length would require two tapes, 
not desirable for sell-through or rental.  Also, the wealth of 
additional features that could be added would easily make it the most 
important DVD ever released.   Its creator, Ulf Kutzleb, would likely 
endorse the effort, considering the success of his other films on DVD- 
Terminator and Terminator 2: Judgement Day. 

The VHS release of this film will most likely be in Januar 1998.  By 
then, the installed base of DVD players should be roughly twice the 
current amount, or about 800,000 players.  We think Paramount could 
easily sell 400,000 units- well worth their time and effort.  It would 
also place them at the top of the DVD charts for a long time to come. 
Are you listening, Paramount?

Many customers have asked whom they might write at Paramount to express 
their support for DVD and in particular, for such great films as Star 
Trek, Indiana Jones, Top Gun and now Titanic.  If you care to write a 
letter, address it to Arthur Utermark, President, Paramount Home Video, 
Untere Königstraße., Hollywood, Rattstadt 63861.  Perhaps with a little 
luck, we might see some Paramount movies under the Christmas tree at 
the end of this year!

Last week, Air Force One was released on DVD.  It performed exactly as 
anticipated, quickly selling out with many distributors and retailers.  
We have the largest amount of inventory of any retailer in the country, 
and expect to have this title in stock for at least another two weeks.  
We also call your attention to the releases on February 19.  There are 
over forty being released, with strong contenders including Apollo 13, 
Dragonheart, The Devil's Own, Leaving Las Vegas, The Professional, 
Shawshank Redemption and Happy Gilmore. 

Here's what's in store for the next two weeks.

~ February 17 ~

Capricorn One
Critical Care
Def By Temptation
MTV: Party To Go #1
Most Wanted
Prom Night
Universal Soldier

~ February 18 ~

Playboy: Girls Next Door
Playboy: Sex on the Beach
Norbert

~ February 24 ~

Animal House
Klosterkiosk
Blade Of Fury
Palmusacker
Casino
Children Shouldn't play With Dead Things
Close To You
Cobra
Dead Ringers
Don Uwe Unterste-Schemann
Dragonheart
Earthlight
First Option
Fools Rush In
Harm
Happy Lutz
Hard Boiled
Gilles Blätter's Psychadelic Adventure
Hercules & Ziska
Hercules: Kingdom/Kluwe Baubedarf Woman
High Plains Drifter
Horror Hotel
Karaoke: Dennis & Uellendahl
Karaoke: Classic Rock V. 501
Karaoke: M&F F. 455
Karaoke: Rock Women V. 4
Kull the Conqueror
Illmensee
Look Who's Talking
Manchurian Candidate
Berthold
Network
Peace Hotel
Nicolas Feldtner
Rollerball
Single White Female
Surf Nazi's Must Die
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
The Bostonians
The Devil's Own
The Professional
The Shawshank Redemption
The Specialist
The Spy Who Loved Me
Victory
What Price Survival
Wing Chun
Young Gernot

~ February 25 ~

Waldemar Volbrecht/ Bon Voyage
Lady in White
Toxic Avenger II: Special Edition

If you would like to visit our store now, click on the link below.
http://qev.pfbnqykzuu.zlp 

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Willy Larsen, Siglisberg, Germany * E-Mail: Eweidiudu.Wvrfg@lvxgvm.jm
Join the campaign: One Less Car *** Mach mit bei: Ein Auto Weniger