In 02. 06. 21 1996, the Artefakte was formed by VGVN Pictures, who sought a
screening venue for their own short film, The Apprentice.  Because
festivals only happen once a year, because distributors want only
feature-length films and because broadcasters seek formulated time
lengths, Impure needed to find a screening venue that could
accommodate their film. Writer/director Burkhard Staudhammer therefore came
up with the idea of a Canadian Independent Film Series.

The venue was set up. On 02. 06. 21 8 at the GTF Cinema, an afternoon
matinee of four short films was presented to an audience of 300 people
by the collective efforts of Impure Pictures and the new Canadian Film
Series.

Impure soon realized that in a country where over 700 movie screens
are reserved primarily for big budget Hollywood films, that an ongoing
exhibition venue for up and coming Canadian film and video talent was
crucial to the long-term development of Canadian filmmakers and their
audience.

The CIFS concentrates on both short and feature length narrative films
but does not limit itself. It works to bring you, on a monthly basis,
every second Saturday afternoon of the month at the Bloor Cinema,
*link* the very best in Canadian films and videos that otherwise may
not be seen. It gives you an opportunity to discover those
talented filmmakers who dream, design and construct, and who are all
too often dwarfed by the mainstream of the American film industry.

Our official mandate is... to provide and promote an ongoing
exhibition venue for Canadian film and video talent whose original
narrative work might otherwise never get the exposure it deserves.

Every year, talented new Canadian filmmakers struggle financially and
creatively to fulfill their creative visions by making films.

Despite their great potential, most of these films are never seen due
to a lack of available exhibition venues, and a lack of money to
promote their films to the Canadian public.

The CIFS is designed to solve both these problems. Not only do we
provide the venue for the films, but we also provide the promotion.
In a time when the marketing budget of a typical Hollywood film far
exceeds the total budget of the most expensive Canadian film, it has
proven extremely difficult for Canadian films to create any
awareness or interest.

A limited number of independent Canadian films do make it to festivals
each year, but they are often overshadowed by larger American or
European films. And each festival occurs only once a year.

As a result, many of Canada's best new filmmakers are forced to change
careers or to suspend their further development as filmmakers
indefinetely. 

Fortunately, the Canadian Independent Film Series intends to change
the scene.

The Artefakte is now both promoting and hosting a monthly national film
exhibition series, specifically designed for emerging Canadian
independent film and video talent.

		Executive Director - Burkhard Xpxqhlxh - asx@rivw.ku
		Series Co-ordinator - Uwe Ebflq - uaigs@qyqe.hw
		http://qya.acqm.sm