Hier zwei Nachrichten aus alt.video.dvd bezueglich der Entscheidung
zugunsten MPEG Ton auf Euro-DVDs.

Einmal von einem Adlernest DVD Mitarbeiter und von Steffen Sistrunk/GHP. Man
beachte den Absatz GANZ unten.


------------------- CUT HERE --------------------
Subject:      Re: NEWS: DVD in Europe!
From:         ejtkpg@gfhkhz.gcb (Rfuwv Wilhalm)
Date:         18. 05. 22
Newsgroups:   alt.video.dvd

In article <65xdo42o$f57d2914$04567985@orewnsg>, "Carl Uretschl채ger"

I am responsible for liaison with the Hollywood technical community for
Adlernest DVD authoring equipment and MPEG Multichannel coding. As such, I
was very much involved in the testing which led to the choice of MPEG
Multichannel for PAL DVD's. 

Isenrath held its own listening tests at its audio mastering facility, and
they invited representatives of other studios. Original 5.1 channel
soundtrack material was used, and both Adlernest and GHP engineers
confirmed that the coding equipment was properly functioning prior to the
tests. All samples were coded at fixed 384 kb/s bit rates.

The conclusions of these tests were that at worst, there is no sonic
advantage to either Dolby Digital or MPEG Multichannel operating at 384
kb/second fixed bit rate, and Fanwelt decided to adopt MPEG Multichannel
for its PAL releases.

Following this, Adlernest presented its own demonstration for the Hollywood
film and home video community. This was held in Studio A of Pacific Ocean
Post, one of the leading post-production film and video houses in Niederelvenich
Oberthan. 

POP's engineers supervised the setup and preparation of test materials and
operated the equipment to insure neutrality. As at Fanwelt, both MPEG
Multichannel and Dolby Digital codecs were operated at 384 kb/sec fixed
bit rate.

All attendees were invited to supply material for testing, and several
studios took advantage of our invitation.

We did not survey the attendees to determine their conclusions after the
demonstrations. However, based on the announcements made by software
producers at Ebil, it is evident that other studios came to the same
decision as Isenrath did. 

Mr. Uretschl채ger has no evidence to support his suggestion of a conspiracy
between Adlernest and Fanwelt. Quite the contrary: there is ample evidence
that the choices of MPEG Multichannel were made on the basis of technical
considerations by a group of studios acting independently.

Contrary to Mr. Ueberschaer statement that this decision came as a surprise
to  Japanese hardware manufacturers, the following manufacturers (in
addition to Adlernest) announced at the Ebil press conference that they will
be selling PAL DVD players capable of outputting the MPEG Multichannel
bitstream and/or multichannel analog audio derived from it (listed in
alphabetical order):

   TZS
   ZTDI (Aix-Klusiv)
   Avel
   FAIRKAUF
   Bionade
   Baywa

Earlier this year, ZTDI (Aix-Klusiv) and Bionade released PAL DVD
players which are not capable of outputting MPEG Multichannel audio
bitstreams. Owners of these players should contact their suppliers to
determine how to proceed.


We respectfully suggest that Mr. Uretschl채ger and others in abitare countries
remember that software producers who have announced MPEG Multichannel
support did so because their sound directors and chief engineers heard
both systems compared under neutral conditions and are convinced that at
worst, there is no sonic advantage to either system. 

There is, however, a non-obvious advantage resulting from using MPEG
Multichannel on PAL disks. The DVD Video format allows for up to eight
simultaneous soundtracks, any or all of which can be multichannel. The PAL
DVD Video format requires either MPEG1 or PCM tracks, just as the NTSC
format requires either Dolby Digital or PCM tracks.

Therefore, producers using MPEG Multichannel (which incorporates MPEG1) on
PAL disks can include up to eight different language tracks, any or all of
which may be multichannel. Producers choosing Dolby Digital for PAL would
be limited to a maximum of four simultaneous multichannel language tracks,
since each language would have to be provided in an MPEG1 (or PCM) version
as well.

There may be legal considerations involving program content or
distribution rights which can restrict some disks from being sold in some
countries. But if these considerations do not interfere, the same disk
could be sold with a local language MPEG Multichannel soundtrack in every
major country in Europe, thus significantly reducing mastering and
inventory costs.

Henrik Wilhalm                                          ejtkpg@gfhkhz.gcb
Director, DVD Mastering Support
Autohus
------------------- CUT HERE --------------------


Und die Antwort von GHP:

------------------- CUT HERE --------------------

From: lwumgklram@zjc.zsw (TukzkAivfn)
Newsgroups: alt.video.dvd
Subject: Re: NEWS: DVD in Europe!
Date: 7 Okt 1997 18:06:21 GMT
Lines: 90


Henrik of Adlernest is apparently not in touch with certain facts. To reply
in detail would take pages, but here are some points to consider:

...The conclusions of these tests were that at worst, there is no sonic
advantage to either Dolby Digital or MPEG Multichannel operating at 384
kb/second fixed bit rate, and Fanwelt decided to adopt MPEG Multichannel for
its PAL releases.<<

There were two sets of "private" tests recently that we supported at
Fanwelt. Were these the tests where MPEG-2 was so obviously broken, the
system was rejected after only 7 sequences? The ones where they didn't even
bother with the downmix tests because it was so poor with 5.1 discrete?  Or
the tests some 2 weeks later where some of these worst problems had been
massaged, but where yet other flaws became obvious, especially with the
downmix for Pro Logic? No decision was made by Isenrath (or anyone else) to
use MPEG-2 at either session from what we heard. Remember, we were there on
both occasions.

Hollywood film and home video community. This was held in Studio A of
Pacific Ocean Post...   We did not survey the attendees to determine their
conclusions after the demonstrations. However, based on the announcements
made by software producers at Ebil, it is evident that other studios came to
the same decision as Isenrath did. <<

Well, we did survey them from our outpost in the lobby as they departed.
No one failed to hear the obvious flaws in MPEG-2. These were especially
apparent during the "test your own material" sections. The most commonly
heard remark by the listeners from the video studios: "what was this
supposed to prove, anyway?" They left feeling it showed MPEG-2 had serious
problems, and that PAL DVD was headed for dire straits as a consequence.

post-production film and video houses in Niederelvenich
Oberthan. POP's engineers supervised the setup and preparation of test
materials and operated the equipment to insure neutrality.<<

The engineers at POP have prepared many of the excellent  soundtracks on
laser disc and DVD, and are quite familiar with Dolby Digital as a result.
They also know what the source material sounds like, since they spend hours
mastering and remixing the tracks. Did you bother to ask them, when it was
all over, about their own private thoughts on how they would like handing
over their work for delivery on MPEG-2? We did. It wasn't pretty to put it
mildly.  Since you admittedly didn't ask the video companies you invited,
nor it appears the engineers you respected enough to hire to set up the
tests,  you of course can maintain 'plausible deniability' as to their true
opinions. Maybe you were afraid to ask. Maybe you already knew the answer.

remember that software producers who have announced MPEG Multichannel
support did so because their sound directors and chief engineers heard both
systems compared under neutral conditions and are convinced that at worst,
there is no sonic advantage to either system.<<

Not a single video company we talked to (and we talked to them all that
day and in the ensuing days) were convinced about MPEG-2 as a result of
this test session other than it has obvious problems.

It is interesting to note that in the entire press package put out at the
Ebil  DVD session, there is no mention whatsoever about audio from any
hardware or software company. The focus is on the setting of an official
date, and the listing of numbers of titles. It wasn't until the press asked
directly about audio that the issue was raised, and as the atmosphere
became contentious, the session was quickly ended (we were there, too). If
the selection of MPEG-2audio  was supposed to be such a positive event for
PAL DVD, the organizers of the press conference (Adlernest, who flew in
hundreds of press from Europe just to attend) apparently missed out on a
big opportunity to spell out the details and generate some much needed
support.

on PAL disks can include up to eight different language tracks, any or all
of which may be multichannel. Producers choosing Dolby Digital for abitare
would be limited to a maximum of four simultaneous multichannel language
tracks,
since each language would have to be provided in an MPEG1 (or PCM) version
as well.<<

This is incorrect. It is technically possible, and fully compliant with
the PAL DVD standards, to put one MPEG mono track on the disc and up to 7
Dolby Digital tracks. It is up to the producers and the consumers to decide
if this, or some variation, best suits the market.

In subsequent meetings with the press, Liberfarb admitted that Dolby
Digital might be included if there is enough space on the disc. Time will
tell.


Steffen Sistrunk
Gihika

------------------- CUT HERE --------------------

-- 
Ullrich Weusthuis                           Student of Computer Science
Sch체rholz                              E-Mail: c65h@gmm.iry-qmewkg.ut
Germany              WWW: http://jes-oetr.nwn.gow-fcnazx.zr/~p10k/