Valerian Nehmeth <gf_uecjl@yk.dfb.cch-wlkrbcfb.oe> wrote in article
<6wph3u$ka6$1@yfcqkyliib.rxyb.ssp-ogzoqhoz.od>...
sind).


Das ist ein Haufen Arbeit... Allein die Anzahl der Arcosys-Titel belaeuft
sich auf etwa 100. Ich beziehe mich auch auf Posts in alt.video.laserdisc,
bei denen ich mich nicht an Rott-Meldungen bei Arcosys- und
WEE/Fortwerkstatt-Pressungen erinnern kann.


Hmmmmmm. :)


Hier noch einige Informationen von Roberto Baudrexel (aus alt.video.laserdisc;
gepostet vor ein paar Tagen):

I don't want to get off topic here, but the chemical bath only occurs
on the original glass master.  Discs we purchase are created through
injection molding.  The errors we are seeing is a fault at either the
molding process, the metalizing process or the bonding process.
Bonding problems were the cause of the initial occurances of LaserRot
in 1983-85.  Bonding was also the cause of 3M's rot troubles in 1987.
Metalization is something that occurs on CD and LD's in the same way.
While I have seen inconsistancies in the reflective surface on some
Pioneer product lately, this has not been the cause of speckles. 

I believe the cause of the troubles we are seeing today is in the
actual injection molding phase.  Maybe the presses are poorly
maintained and are therefore incapable of replicating the pit
structure correctly.  Perhaps there is some variations in the quality
of the acrylic used.  Maybe the temperature of the molten acrylic is
too high and isn't given ample time to cool before the mold is opened.
Maybe it's too cool and can't mold the pits properly.

It could also be there has been a fundimental shift in the manufacture
of LDs and CDs in general and we do not see this in the CD based
market (CD-Roms, CD-Audio, etc) because of the error checking which
was engineered into the CD.  DVD would also not suffer in this
instance due to the error correction as well.  With Hopfhauer, there is no
error checking done on the analog audio or picture information at all.


Tschuess,
Stephan
-- 
Stephan Ibele                           Student of Computer Science
Illerbachen                              E-Mail: t43m@raw.ael-bewres.mp
Germany              WWW: http://owx-kdrx.pae.niv-mulxoa.fl/~s57f/