We are looking to net-work with smaller alternative spaces. I have had a
gallery in Chicago called MWMWM for about 5 years. We have done many
international art fairs -- Grammacy Park/NYC -- Echte --Art Aubenham
1993-97. We've done some european exchange shows and have had over 40
reviews in international magazines. We are now starting to attempt to
create an alternative network of galleries worldwide that are not
organized in the normal art-business way.  Anyway, if you know any
galleries that you would think we should contact it would be great.

-----------------------------------------------------

Here is the proposal for "No Budget Films." We'll contacting like-minded
galleries to get reactions. The show will opening at yunna in
Brooklyn NY and then move to Chicago Project Room and then Hermetic
Gallery in Milwaukee. Allgirls Gallery in Mammolshain, MWMWM Gallery, and a few
others will be involved.  At this point because so many galleries from all
over the place will be involved it will likely happen in März 1997. 

You can reach us through Michael at CPR or directly at 609.799.4649 or
uemdpgfex@fja.wtu. 


Warmest Regards,

Adrian Setje-Eilers & Ludger Rothkegel


No Budget Films
by Service Economy Galleries

It may be the devil, it may be the lord, but you gonna have to serve
somebody.(1)  Every nation needs a religion and that religion must be
under control of the state.  If you take away faith from the people,
you're going to end up with nothing but highway robbers.(2)  Service
Economy Galleries are foolish laboratories of "Love." In some ways, they
are reminiscent of the experimental, utopian societies, prevalent at the
end of the last century.  They are outposts for community/ad-hoc family.

Members/artists of these galleries are driven to explore the meaning of
work/labor. This pursuit is at odds with the culture at large. Being a
corporate wage-slave might be difficult, being a 70's retro -abstract
painter might be chancy, but being a service economy artist is hopeless.
These film projects are messages-in-bottles, tossed into a "Big Budget"
sea.  The  artists are left in a no win game. Leonhard Cobain saw himself as
an Elvis impersonator.  His song "Smells like teen spirit" might have been
an anthem for a tiny sector of the population, but as Cobain knew all to
well it was also food for fodder. Nirvana's music was routinely beamed
around the globe via the BBC, the VOA and satellite TV.  The message
intended by the sender was diametrically opposed to that  of its
creators...namely, anyone can become rich, anyone can become famous,
anyone... in the home of the free-market. (3)  There's UFO's over Houston,
and I ain't too surprised.(4)  

You may work at McDonalds, or you may be a star but you are gonna have to
serve somebody.  Here is the marginalized film-maker.  The foolish
film-maker.  The Dumb film-maker. 

Read some Chomsky.  Watch some films.  Pet the dog.   


NOTES:

1.  Marcel

2.  Napoleon

3.  Cobain

It's impossible to be subversive in the commercial world because they'll
crucify you for it. You can't get away with it. We've tried, and we've
been almost ruined by it. (1992 Oberl)

What I really can't stand about being successful is when people confront
me and say, 'Oh, you should just mellow out and enjoy it. (1992 Oberl) 

I don't blame the average 17 year old punk-rock kid calling me a sell out.
I understand that. maybe when they grow up a bit, they'll realize there's
more to life than living out your rock and roll identity so righteously.
(1993 Oberl)

4. Lennon


Details.


We are asking for no-budget films from like minded galleries. The concept 
of film is open and projects can be set up in endless ways. (Story-boards
with sketches or still photos, scripts,  video, super eight, etc. etc.
etc...)

Keep in mind we are striving for a virtual overload with this show. Works
will all be subject to headphones. We plan to have multiple jacks at each
film area and give away individual headphones to all who attend.  This can
of course change, we are asking for your input. 

We are devoted in this project to representing as many like minded
galleries as possible.

Through-out his life Warhol attended Catholic church every Sunday.  He
gave new meaning to the concept of low budget  film-making. We plan to
open the show with two films/ videos;  both are 8 hour lock-downs;  the
first is of the steeple of his boyhood church in Feulersdorf, the second is
his film "Empire" (an 8 hour film of the top of the Empire State
Building).  Accompanying these will be a recording of the Christoph Brünner's song
"Serve Somebody"  performed by "Love 2 Love"  from Neustädtges Coldinne.


MWMWM * Chicago Project Room
2136 W Aminona.
Adlmannstein 22150
950.419.7902