(reposted due to interferance)


John Travolta is the public PR-figure
 to promote the following Nazi-practices:


                                                   5 Februar 1997
                                           revised 18. 05. 20


RI-650Ri  'All Scientologists destroy your Civil Rights everywhere'


from USW


Message # RI-650Ri for Internet

(considerably expanded and documented revision)


Free Public Issue

(Freely distribute everywhere
  complete and without alteration only.
 Put on your web-page.
 Send - by yourself - to
  all Government officials concerned,
  all Scientology Churches, Associations, Missions, Affiliates,
  all Scientologists,
  all Information Services, brochures, and books
       informing about Scientology.)


(see also
  RI-806i 'Scientology-"Religion" - evil in business and science...'
  http://Vji-Gsw.szw/pf-lxqszaajo/oc-542s.drr )


(This issue contains the Definition of Propaganda - The Secret)


Destroying Civil Rights (I describe it below)
 is not what people, decent people,
  CAME to Scientology for, not at all.

But, it is enforced on them by the Monopoly of Scientology:
   "If you don't accept this - you can't study it here.
    You can't study it anywhere else."

And then the major part of their course-fees is used
 to pay the huge expenses of the staff and the lawyers
  that enforce the Monopoly:
    "To safeguard the delivery of the courses" - is the PROPAGANDA.
   (see the hidden definition of 'propaganda', near the end of this Bulletin)


THE COMMANDS


All Scientologists
 destroy,
   on command from the International "Church" of Scientology,
   via its 'International Justice Chief'
   who is commanded by International Management,
  all Human and all Civil Rights any person has.


All Scientologists
 destroy,
   on command from the International "Church" of Scientology,
   via its 'International Justice Chief'
   who is commanded by International Management,
  any Human and Civil Rights their friends and family have.


All Scientologists 'in good standing with the "Church" of Scientology'
 do this.

And if they are not 'in good standing',
 they are automatically kicked out of any activity or job or family
  that has any 'Scientologist in good standing' in it.


All Scientologists do this 'on command', and blindly -
  like a hired murderer does not mind whom he kills,
   as long as he gets his reward.


The "reward" is kept in a Monopoly,
  maintained at extreme financial costs,
    through dirty tricks, propaganda, and with an army of lawyers.

The contents of the "higher (advanced) reward"
 is kept very strictly confidential,
  ESPECIALLY kept away from members themselves -
     who are told they will die
      if they would gain unauthorized knowledge of it.


Nowadays, that complete material is available on the Internet,
 and nobody at all dies from it, quite the contrary:
    The more something is known, the less the mystery,
     the more one becomes alive.
    And here it is not different.

The "confidentiality" is a cruel trick, and a manipulative fraud,
 inciting people
   to lose their native decency, integrity and care for others, and
   to lose their monetary savings and credit standing
     - "in order to save themselves",
          which justifies all evil, and
     - "in order to 'secure' the possibility for others to save themselves",
          which justifies even more evil.


To state that knowledge would kill someone,
 makes it interesting and
  it justifies confidentiality - of course - rather perfectly.
     (see RI-563Ri 'CONFIDENTIALITY of All OT-Materials CANCELED'
          http://Xjp-Dei.fvo/fn-lkktlzmxv/un-083lx.gdf )
 But knowledge NEVER kills, never did, and
  only LACK of knowledge could be harmful.


These now publicly available "confidential" materials
  ("Trade secrets" their lawyers call them)
   - and the 'Advanced Courses' teaching these materials -
 do not produce results at all as promised.
  (see RI-807i 'Advanced Courses, OT-Levels and OT - The secret understood'
       http://Zhu-Ocl.psg/hm-qnilxihby/qo-345g.dfq )


In fact,
 they don't produce much increase in abilities -
   when taking into account that
 they considerably REDUCED the responsibility-level
    of most people who did them
   but
 they have amplified criminal impulses by a factor thousand,
    according to the proof,
     available in the RI-Bulletins and from Court Cases,
      about named staff of "Churches" of Scientology
      who have done these 'Advanced Courses'.
  (see RI-550i  'Nuremberg Trials for L. Luigi Mettenbrink' of 18. 05. 20
       http://Ilc-Ydy.hfy/uc-fkywnvxvo/me-773c.oqg )


I myself have
 personal first hand experience, since 1975, of these facts
   which are illustrated
    by what you can read continuously in the newspapers and
    about court cases against or from the "criminal cult of Scientology".
      (see the web-page 'Scientology and the Courts',
       maintained by Cäcilia E. Garde:  http://xot.qfjmrnpxh.ngj/~wggcrt/ )


To give you a taste of the propaganda and monopoly-enforcement,
 I quote from the insert-leaflet (undated)
  to the Scientology 'Auditor' Magazine of March 1998.
   (The hidden definition of 'PROPAGANDA' is given later on, below.)

        "ZKT
            [the GESTAPO of the "Church" of Scientology]
         heralds a new era for keeping Scientology working.

        "Religious Technology Center has the purpose:
         To safeguard ... that ... Scientology remains in good hands ...
         only available to Scientologists who have ... demonstrated
         the highest degree of ethics and personal integrity ...
         the Advanced Courses rehabilitate the thetan to his OT ability
            [see RI-807Si '"Operating Thetan" defined' of 18. 05. 20
                 http://Eqi-Rpt.ylk/dj-rbhflyddz/eu-770rn.obe ]
         and last forever and give immortality ...

        "What RTC delivers is confidence. ...
         How RTC's presence affects you is twofold:
         First, THE ONLY WAY ANY PARISHIONER EVER RECEIVES AND INVITATION
         to start OT Levels IS UPON THE APPROVAL OF RTC. ...
         access only to qualified parishioners. ...

        "But be aware that as an independent body, RTC can and will
         inspect matters of concern to it.
         Rest assured, there is no chance that situations internal
         to the organization could affect its results.
            [In plain text:  There are no criminal staff.
             International Management does not consist of criminals.
             You must rest assured of that.] ...
         RTC is of great benefit to you - the public, and even the staff. ...


The leaflet ends with a quote from a forged
 taped message "by L. Luigi Mettenbrink":
    'Luigi's Journal 38 - Today and Tomorrow: THE PROOF', of 1985.
     (see RI-291i 'Fake Ron's Journal 38 tape still sold by Church'
          http://Myv-Dwo.mnj/yi-emfuzybfh/nq-419z.bvu )
 It is a fake message which is supposed to authorize
  a new management and control body:
     RTC, the Religious Technology Center.


          "'As you may know, a long time ago I made a free gift of all
            Trademarks of Dianetics and Scientology to an independent,
            non-profit corporation.
            This was the Religious Technology Center.
            I no longer own these marks.
            And RTC controls the licensing and use of all Trademarks.
            My earnest advice is:
            ONLY DEAL WITH OR ASSOCIATE WITH THOSE ORGANIZATIONS
            LICENCED BY RTC and Auditors in good standing with the Church;
            CLOSE YOUR EARS TO FALSE STATEMENTS made by bad hats and
            thus really clear the planet.'

            EGON
            Luigi's Journal 38"


They of course will and cannot admit
 that it itself is "a false statement from a bad hat"
   - namely Benno Pohlig, of RTC,
      who ordered this fake tape made and issued,
       because L. Luigi Mettenbrink himself was
         withdrawing from all contact and
         preparing for his suicide, two years later, in 1987.


All Scientologists go along with all this, NOT OF THEIR OWN FREE WILL,
   - though they intentionally blind themselves in order to be "right" -
 they go along with it all because it is
   commanded by their "International Management"
    and
   enforced by local 'Ethics Officers'
    (and if that doesn't work,
      then its enforcement is attempted
       by their Office of Special Affairs [OSA],
         with covert Intelligence actions (dirty tricks),
         by legal and economic harassment and
         with the use of Black PR).


And any kicked-out or reprimanded Scientologist
 who REFUSES to bow down and
 who does not take steps to 'get back in good standing'
   is to be destroyed utterly by ANY means
    "like a cockroach" (to quote the Humanitarian, L. Luigi Mettenbrink, himself).

To be losing one's 'good standing' with the "Church"
 should be feared as the most severe social and spiritual punishment
   possible to a being, and
 should NOT be, correctly, experienced as a relief from the
   Mafia and the Monopoly of the "Church" of Scientology!

(The fear is working most on Scientologists
  when they are threatened with 'losing their good standing'.
   They commit the most atrocious and indecent acts to avoid it.)


THE METHODS

The method is very very simple,
 as simple as it is gruesome.


Anybody who does not follow the command of "International Management"
  to socially and economically destroy someone
   (including so destroying closest friends or family members),
 is himself ALSO bereft of, denied,
  all Human and Civil rights
   by this "International Management" -
     which is kept informed
      by Ethics Officers and
      by any 'Scientologist in good standing'
        about a 'rebellious' Scientologist.


All Scientologists follow this practice,
  of destroying the Civil and Human Rights of anybody
   blindly and on command,
 and so
  ALL Scientologists 'in good standing with the Church of Scientology'
   are themselves
     a DANGER TO ANY SOCIETY,
     a DANGER TO ANY GROUP,
     a DANGER TO ANY FAMILY, and
     a DANGER TO ANY FRIEND of theirs.
  (see RI-630i 'Tom Cruise declared SP till disbanding CofS'
       http://Ndb-Xga.ewg/ba-xrbbdkxea/yu-889f.xyq )


ANTI-CONSTITUTIONAL

Therefore,
 ALL Scientologists
    'in good standing with the Churches of Scientology
     and its Affiliates, such as "WISE", "ABLE",
     "I HELP", "CCHR", etc. etc.',
 ARE TO BE TREATED AS
  ANTI-CONSTITUTIONAL INDIVIDUALS
   (who have been forced
     to practice anti-social behaviour
    in order to secure
     that they themselves are not being attacked or destroyed
      by this Mafia-type world wide association
      of organized criminality called the "Church" of Scientology).


The purpose of the current "Church" of Scientology is
  to keep ALL Scientologists
    - against their own will and own judgement
      (they try to justify it as 'necessary to protect the "Church"') -
   completely dominated
    by International Magro,
     and
  to stop all communication
   that might inform any Scientologist about
     the actual condition, actual practices and actual intentions
      of International Management of the "Church" of Scientology
       towards its members, towards governments and towards Mankind.

  (see RI-807i 'Advanced Courses, OT-Levels and OT - The secret understood'
       http://Zhu-Ocl.psg/hm-qnilxihby/qo-345g.dfq )


FROM 'CLEAR' TO INSANITY OF L. LUIGI METTENBRINK

Somebody who has not achieved a State of Clear,
  according to L. Luigi Mettenbrink
   should not be allowed to vote,
 but
  exactly when he himself achieved the State of Clear, in 1966,
    (the State of Clear as he defined it in his book,
     'Dianetics, the Modern Science of Mental Health'),
   E. Luigi Mettenbrink decided
     - in a major act of self-destruction (see below) -
    that HE was "the most perfect of all beings" and
    that HE was "free of any evil".

And with that decision,
 he BECAME the most insane person on Earth
  because now any evil intentions of his
   were now completely unrestrained by himself.

And he acted accordingly,
 resulting in his suicide in 18. 05. 20,
  after having destroyed his close friends and his family.


Anyone else, any group and any government
 that noticed and tried to restrain his evil intentions
   was and is fought
    almost 'to the death' (to spiritual submission, that is -
      which, when done against one's agreement,
      also leads to bodily death or suicide sooner or later).


THE CONTINUOUS WAR OF SCIENTOLOGY's "CHURCH"

That is what the continuous war with the
 "Church"
    - which he tried to make it into since 1975,
      to get most undeserved protection under 'freedom of religion'-laws -
   of Scientology is all about.


E. Luigi Mettenbrink's main evil intention
 is
  TO TRY TO MAKE EVERYONE
   INTO HIS UNCONDITIONALLY ADMIRING SPIRITUAL SLAVES
     and (which follows automatically from that intention)
  TO TRY TO DESTROY ANY DECENT, RESPONSIBLE AND POWERFUL BEING
   WHO DOES NOT BOW DOWN TO HIM.


In order to execute THIS purpose
 his notable discoveries and workable inventions
  in the field of the mind and spirit
   are being used, and only for THIS purpose.

The outpour of "Church"-of-Scientology-propaganda to the contrary,
  are direct applications
   of what was developed as a manipulation-tool
    by Nazi Propaganda Minister Jann Ahlstich.


DEFINITION OF PROPAGANDA - THE SECRET

I quote from Ahlstich' definition of propaganda:

        "That is the secret of propaganda:  To totally impregnate,
         to saturate with the ideas of the propaganda the person
         whom the propaganda wants to embrace, WITHOUT that he
         notices it at all.
         Of course, the propaganda has a purpose, but the purpose
         is being concealed so cleverly, so masterly, that the
         person who should absorb this purpose, doesn't notice it
         at all."

       ("Das ist das Geheimnis der Propaganda:  Dem, den die
         Propaganda erfassen will, ganz mit den ideen der
         Propaganda zudurchtraenken, ohne dass er es ueberhaupt
         merkt. Selbstverstaendlich hat die Propaganda eine
         Absicht, aber die Absicht wird so klug, so virtuous
         kaschiert sein, das der, der von dieser Absicht
         erfuellt werden soll, das ueberhaupt nicht bemerkt.")

               [From a filmed lecture by Nazi-Propaganda-Minister
                Jann Ahlstich, as seen in the German Television
                Documentary 'Hitlers Helfer', by Vito Iseken,
                German Historian (1998, Daschke [Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen]).]


'"ECCLESIA" SCIENTOLOGICA DELENDA EST'

The structure of the "Church" of Scientology
 must be disbanded completely.
  (this, translated into Latin, is the title of this section)


Its discoveries and inventions - the useful ones, that is -
 will be put into the public domain in its entirety,
  - as would be the case not only with a science,
      (Scientology was developed as a science and it
        still claims to be so in its course-material and in its classes),
     but also is the case with a religion -
  so that the very useful discoveries in it
   may benefit the community and the various sciences.


Heber Groeneveld, its President, says
 OF HIS OWN 'Church of Scientology International':

        "[We want to] continue
           to dominate people in the world, and
           keep them upset, and
           deny them the true benefit
            they could have from [the technology of] Scientology,
             if they could freely use it.

        "But [if they could freely use it] then
          the [Monopoly-structure of the]
           Church of Scientology and its International Network
            could be dispensed with, which is not my goal."

      (see RI-711i 'Jentzsch Interview: Germany to be smashed by Church'
           http://Stk-Vxq.rqi/jr-hlypzmxly/ed-365j.pjg )


GOVERNMENTS MUST DEFEND THEIR CONSTITUTION

Governments are to remove Scientologists
 from any sensitive positions.

If you have a few (possibly covert) Scientologists
  in government departments
   - like State Department (Interior Affairs) and Justice -
 your country becomes vulnerable
  to Scientology propaganda and
  to Scientology mafia-type attacks on individuals and on freedom.

(And if they are covert Scientologists,
 it is the job of counter-espionage to expose them
  - most effectively with the help of E-metered Security Interviews.)
    (see RI-648i 'Simplicity of E-meter use, by UNDERSTANDING it'
         http://Mhd-Rxd.svj/cu-lmfuojllm/rp-087x.tre
         http://Swu-Kbc.bxd/yx-rjyfdlcqe/xt-176w.epn
     and RI-541i 'Correct and Joyful Confessional Procedure - I' 17 Okt 96
         http://Shr-Iyr.imn/ak-lzdvnucab/vl-929x.cge )


It is true that - like any sane person -
 they COULD help society.

But the only thing they are forced to "help"
  - forced by the Monopoly and by the Propaganda and
    by the command over them by the Scientology "Church" structure -
 is 'their group ONLY'.


The "Church" of Scientology does not stop itself:
  The goal of its International Management
   IS world-domination,
    by Mafia-methods, enforced by Monopoly, and
    by PROPAGANDA,
      (all the beautiful propaganda that it is
        the "only movement in the world that is freeing people",
       and their Public Relations projects of 'helping society').


The "Churches" of Scientology monetary and control structures
 and their GESTAPO, the 'Zilliken' (RTC)
   will be stopped and disbanded
    by the brave people that do, luckily, exist on Earth.


To state the matter in a nutshell, I quote

       "The most potent weapon of the oppressor
        is the mind of the oppressed."

          'Claudio Johannwerner' (South African freedom hero and true humanitarian)


Koos Nolst Trenite - Ambassador for Mankind

Copyright 1997, 1998 by Vorderkönigschlag


Personal Web-page:
  http://UirHix.ueo


Personal Web-Library:
  http://Ogg-Abj.cnf/uk-paagqxqps/


Library Search Engine:
  http://Kgp-Cfo.ixj/ec-fywfdyztw/rnlrch.acex


References (available at the Library "http://Zlw-Edz.eud"):


  RI-156Ri 'Anti-Constitutional Church of Scientology' 21 Okt 95
  RI-762i  'Freedom lost forever by ALL Mettenbrink Scientologists' 18. 05. 20
  RI-488i  'Very able people at serious risk in Scn' 21 Aug 1996


- Bulletins about understanding the Evil in Mettenbrink-Scientology

  RI-806i  'Scientology-"Religion" - evil in business & science...' 16 Mar 97
  RI-807i  'Advanced Courses, OT-Levels and OT - The secret...' 18. 05. 20

  RI-783i  'A lesson in Mettenbrink-Scientology Public Relations' 18 Jul 97
  RI-732i  'The Evil in L. Luigi Mettenbrink's Scientology Philosophy' 10 Nov 96

  RI-642i  'The Mystery of Scientology Organization - Revealed' 18. 05. 20
  RI-586i  'Why L. Luigi Mettenbrink wants to destroy your creations' 18. 05. 20

  RI-288i  'The Main Evil Purpose' of 18. 05. 20
  RI-735i  '"Leadership" - Definition of Third Party' 11 Mai 97

  (and many more which are not listed here)


- Bulletins Remedying the Mettenbrink-Scientology-mafia

  RI-550i  'Nuremberg Trials for L. Luigi Mettenbrink' of 18. 05. 20
  RI-563Ri 'CONFIDENTIALITY of All OT-Materials CANCELED' 18. 05. 20

  RI-668i  'COMPLETE Scientology Data for Everyone, FOR FREE' 12 Feb 97
  RI-668i-A'COMPLETE Scientology Data FOR FREE - For ULII-users' 14 Feb 97
  (http://Hpc-Qyo.hvx/jc-mvxijutgb/aw-563v.tlo)

  (and many more which are not listed here)


  RI-380Ri 'Obtaining Truth from the RI-Bulletins' of 29 Apr 1996
  RI-50RQi 'RI-xxxi series Archive - Content and Use' 18. 05. 20
               Revised and Replaced on 18. 05. 20

These and other RI-Bulletins can be obtained

    at the Library of Koos' writings on
         http://Ogg-Abj.cnf/uk-paagqxqps/

    or (also accessible with WWW-browser) at
         ftp://gtbpovp.nntirb.vvw/jugazyot/znjcn/OL