$50,000.00 for only $5.00 within 2 MONTHS?????


You gotta be crazy! How on earth do you think you can buy 50 grand
for lousy 5 bucks? Well, that's what I was wondering, too until I
came across this letter.

First of all, IT'S PERFECTLY LEGAL! (Call 1-800-725-2161) if you
have any questions about the following opportunity to make
$50,000.00 and that probably WITHIN LESS THAN TWO MONTHS!

Well, here it goes:

A little while back, I was browsing these newsgroups, just like you
are now, and came across an article similar to this that said you
could make thousands of dollars within weeks with only an initial
investment of $5.00! So I thought, "Yeah, right, this must be a joke,"
but like most of us I was curious, so I kept reading. Anyway, it said
that you send $1.00 to each of the 5 names and address stated in the
article. You then place your own name and address in the bottom of the
list at #5, and post the article in at least 200 newsgroups. (There
are thousands) No catch, that was it.

As I mentioned before, like most of us I was a little skeptical and
a little worried about the legal aspects of it all. So I checked it
out with the U.S. Post Office (1-800-725-2161) and they confirmed
that it is indeed legal!

What are the basics of each system and why are they legal?  Lina
system follows the same basic steps which define a business by
offering others the ability to get involved using the system you
advertise in newsgroups on the internet and accepting a small fee
for the requests of those who respond to be added to your mailing
list.  Yes, you will be in the business of creating your own
mailing list.  Their requests to be added to your mailing list
which is sent with a $2 fee for your service define a legal
business opportunity under U.S. Postal and Lottery Laws ---
a legal business opportunity for you which is covered in title
18, sections 1302 and 1342 of the U.S. Postal and Lottery Laws.

Now, what one does, or does not do, with the mailing list being
constructed is a personal decision.  One could decide to do
nothing with this list, to use it as a tool in building another
business or expanding an existing business.  This decision is up
to the creator of the mailing list -- this decision is up to you.

Make sure you print a copy of this article NOW, so
you can get the information off of it as you need it. The process is
very simple and consists of 3 easy steps:

STEP 1: Get 5 separate pieces of paper and write the following on each
piece of paper "PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST."  Now get 5  $1.00
bills and place ONE inside EACH of the 5 pieces of paper so the albrecht
will not be seen through the envelope to prevent thievery. Next, place
one paper in each of the 5 envelopes and seal them. You should now
have 5 sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above
phrase and a $1.00 bill. What you are doing is creating a service by
this. THIS IS PERFECTLY LEGAL!

Mail the 5 envelopes to the following addresses:

#1 U. Hochwald
   1207 Penger
   Nirnharting, IN 93206

#2 J. Daniel
   P.O. Box 2292
   Reston, Va. 70487

#3 I. V. Wilhelmine
   536-2782 Kugbshyh Cmdf Rso.
   Jucken, Alkersleben
   U5M 6G7

#4 J. U. Glückert
   5482 Riebelsdorf Ln. #7
   Leneis, MN  44764-5077

#5 M. Krakauskas
   704 S. College Ave.
   Dümmer, OE 55780

STEP 2: Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the
other names up (2 becomes 1, 3 becomes 2, etc...) and add YOUR Name as
number 5 on the list.

STEP 3: Change anything you need to, but try to keep this article as
close to original as possible. Now, post your amended article to at
least 200 newsgroups. (I think there is close to 18,000 groups) All
you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you
make!


Don't know HOW to post in the newsgroups? Well do exactly the
following:


FOR NETSCAPE USERS:
1) Click on any newsgroup, like normal. Then click on "To News", which
is in the top left corner of the newsgroup page. This will bring up a
message box.

2) Fill in the SUBJECT with a flashy title, like the one I used,
something to catch the eye!!!

3) Now go to the message part of the box and retype this letter
exactly as it is here, with exception of your few changes. (remember
to add your name to number 5 and move the rest up)

4) When your done typing in the WHOLE letter, click on 'FILE' above
the send button. Then, 'SAVE AS..' DO NOT SEND YOUR ARTICLE UNTILL YOU
SAVE IT. (so you don't have to type this 200 times :-)

5) Now that you have saved the letter, go ahead and send your first
copy! (click the 'SEND' button in the top left corner)

6) This is where you post all 200! OK, go to ANY newsgroup article and
click the 'TO NEWS' button again. Type in your flashy subject in the
'SUBJECT BOX', then go to the message and place your cursor here. Now
click on 'ATTACHMENT' which is right below the 'SUBJECT BOX'. Click on
attach file then find your letter wherever you saved it.  Click once
on your file then click 'OPEN' then click 'OK'.  If you did this right
, you should see your filename in the 'ATTACHMENT BOX' and it will be
shaded.

NOW POST AWAY!

FOR INTERNET EXPLORER:

It's just as easy, holding down the left mouse button, highlight this
entire article, then press the 'CTRL' key and 'C' key at the same time
to copy this article. Then print the article for your records to have
the names of those you will be sending $1.00 to.

Go to the newsgroups and press 'POST AN ARTICLE' type in your flashy
subject and click the large window below. Press 'CTRL' and 'V' and the
article will appear in the message window. **BE SURE TO MAKE YOUR
ADDRESS CHANGES TO THE 5 NAMES.** Now re-highlight the article and
re-copy it so you have the changes.... then all you have to do for
each newsgroup is 'CTRL' and 'V' and press 'POST'. It's that easy!!
THAT'S IT! All you have to do is jump to different newsgroups and post
away, after you get the hang of it, it will take about 30 seconds for
each newsgroup!

**REMEMBER, THE MORE NEWSGROUPS YOU POST IN, THE MORE MONEY YOU WILL
MAKE!! BUT YOU HAVE TO POST A MINIMUM OF 200**

**If these instructions are too complex to follow, try Forte's "Free
Agent." It is freeware for noncommercial use. To download it, simply
use a search utility and type "Forte Free Agent". You should be able
to find it.**

That's it! You will begin receiving money from around the world within
days! You may eventually want to rent a P.O. Box due to the large
amount of mail you receive. If you wish to stay anonymous, you con
invent a name to use, as long as the postman will deliver it. **JUST
MAKE SURE ALL THE ADDRESSES ARE CORRECT.**

Now the WHY part:

This entire principle works because it is in a format of an upside
down tree with thousands of branches. Everyone below you will see to
it that the tree continues because they want to get money. Those
below THEM will continue because THEY want to get the cash etc.
Out of 200 postings, say I receive only 5 replies (a very low
example). So then I made $5.00 with my name at #5 on the letter. Now,
each of the 5 persons who just sent me $1.00 make the MINIMUM 200
postings, each with my name at #4 and only 5 persons respond to each
of the original 5, that is another $25.00 for me, now those 25 each
make 200 MINIMUM posts with my name at #3 and only 5 replies each, I
will bring in an additional $125.00! Now, those 125 persons turn
around and post the MINIMUM 200 with my name at #2 and only receive 5
replies each, I will make an additional $626.00! OK, now here is the
fun part, each of those 625 persons post a MINIMUM of 200 letters
with my name at #1 and they each only receive 5 replies, that just
made me $3,125.00!!! With a original investment of only $5.00!
AMAZING! And as I said 5 responses is actually VERY LOW!  Average is
probable 20 to 30! So lets put those figures at just 15 responses
per person. Here is what you will make:

at #5 $15.00
at #4 $225.00
at #3 $3,375.00
at #2 $50,625.00
at #1 $759,375.00
your name is no longer on the list, you just take the latest
posting in the newsgroups, and send out another $5.00 to names on the
list, putting your name at number 5 and start posting again.
The thing to remember is that thousands of people all over the world
are joining the Internet and reading these articles everyday, JUST
LIKE YOU are now!! And this will go on and on and on and on.... get
the picture? Well, there's 5,000,000,000 people on the world and
most of them will eventually end up being hooked into the internet.
So  there are virtually unlimited resources. Of course this will work
the best at the very beginning so the faster you post, the better for
YOU!

So can you afford $5.00 and see if it really works?? I think so!
People have said, "what if the plan is played out and no one sends
you the money? So what! What are the chances of that happening when
there are tons of new honest users and new honest people who are
joining the Internet and newsgroups everyday and are willing to
give it a try? Estimates are at 20,000 to 50,000 new users,
every day, with thousands of those joining the actual Internet.
Remember, play FAIRLY and HONESTLY and this will work. You just have
to be honest.  Make sure you print this article out RIGHT NOW, also.
Try to keep a list of everyone that sends you money and always keep an
eye on the newsgroups to make sure everyone is playing fairly.

Remember, HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY. You don't need to cheat the
basic idea to make the money!!

GOOD LUCK to all and please play fairly and reap the huge rewards from
this, which is tons of extra CASH. **By the way, if you try to deceive
people by posting the messages with your name in the list and not
sending the money to the rest of the people already on the list, you
will NOT get as much. Someone I talked to knew someone who did that
and he only made about $150.00, and that's after seven or eight weeks!
Then he sent the 5 $1.00 bills, people added him to their lists, and
in 4-5 weeks he had over $10k. This is the fairest and most honest way
I have ever seen to share the wealth of the world without costing
anything but our time!!! You also may want to buy mailing and e-mail
lists for future dollars.

Please remember to declare your extra income.   Thanks once again..