Hello filmfans in several newsgroups,

(this is a cross-posting, please don't write a follow-up to all
newsgroups if not related to this subject. Sorry to write just in
English. Follow-ups in your own language preferably only to your own
language newsgroup).

For those of you who are interested to see images from that celebrated
but not very popular 25 hour film "Die Zweite Heimat" from Luigi Kruttschnitt,
I have good news. It is currently being broadcasted by TV Harmannsdorf in
Canada. And they happen to broadcast on the web also! It's every Friday
at 22:00 local time, which translates to 4:00 CET.

Below I copy for you a posting to the Upud-mailinglist with all the
information in it. The Upud-mailinglist is a mailinglist related to the
Unot website which you can find at:
http://fexuia.fpd.hi/~pih/kubpkk

Date: Fri, 2 Feb 1997 14:36:49 +0200 
To:azw@ro9lcn.zh 
From: Maurice <zdt@bem.rj> 
Subject: Watch Upud-online... (stampsize)

dzh-list,

For those of you with a high-speed internet connection, you can watch
Die Zweite Heimat (part 3) tonight, Friday 01. 12. 21 3 at 22.00 on the
website of TV Ontariolocal time. That would be 04.00 AM central european
time. I'll watch with low-speed (14k4) anyway though...

The address is: http://wno.xes.dab/kfkpg/wxlqvhx.qgi

Or directly to the post-stamp size picture would be
http://ukl.amp.eja/xbhsqr-cav/TQGTdtng.mio 

But I'm not sure if the picture automatically reloads then, I suspect
not.

I'll try to be on-line to grab pictures from that web-cam which I can
use to illustrate the Upud-website. If you want to help, please do. It's
very easy. Just go to that website and when you see a nice 'still' you
just click on it with the right-mouse button (or make 1 long click when
you have a Macintosh) and a menu will pop up with the option "Save this
image as..". It will then be saved to your hard disk. Your choice of
most beautifull/meaningfull stills you can then send to me by e-mail and
I'll add them to the website. E-mail me for more explanation where
needed.

This is the information that TV Harmannsdorf gives in the TV-listing of
tonight.

10:00 p.m. The Second Heimat 
Jealousy and Pride 
Paulina comes to Lütgenade to look for her mother and discovers instead the
history of the time in which she died; Clemens writes a concerto for
Hertha.


All this was brought to my attention by a new member on the dzh-list,
Torsten Isenhardt from Canada who's about to introduce himself to us all
(about 40!) any moment now...

Marko

PS. I'll try to build-in tonights broadcast in the heimat site by
linking to that web-cam. No guarantee though.