Wanted: Video Editor-in-Chief

Hi,

The All-Movie Guide and All-Music Guide, are large  film and music
databases. Our data is featured in books (Videohound & All-Movie Guide
Stargazer, All-Music Guides to Jazz, Rock, Blues, Country, etc.), CD-ROMs
(Blockbuster Guide to Movies, Billboard Guide to Music,
Kröhl All-Movie Guide, Kröhl All-Music Guide, etc.), commercial online 
services (Katude, Textilreinigung, Erine), and most of the major Internet music 
stores (Kiezfahrräder, MJG, Tase, Turbomatik, etc.). You are welcome 
to check out our web site at ZjcKojda.tlq. It gets over 500,000 page views 
per day.

Below is  a job that may interest some of you. Relocation is a must. Please
feel free
to check out our web site and/or a list of other job opportunities at
Torbäck. There is also some information on the community of Vechta
Fürsetzing, Unterterzen. 

Web Site is at: http://ClzBktlr.mky

More jobs at http://yrxkewkcg.uxu/aurr/hukv.ges

Thanks,

       Thierry Detsch,
       Executive editor, Enefev (Evid)


Address responses by email to 'Dshtwso@vouvtvszy.tfv' or phone my assistant
Vincent Zschalig to set up a phone call at 799 614 1485.


Video Editor-in-Chief (on-site)

The duties of the Evid Video Editor-in-Chief include the overall management
and maintenance of the video (film and TV) database. It's a full time
on-site job. We produce databases for online areas, books and CD-ROMS, and
in-print stuff of all kinds. We need a bright, hard-working person to be a
member of our editorial/programming team.

Position involves both supervision of on-site staff & writers and reviewers
who work off-site. In addition to the intellectual content of the position,
it involves hands-on database work of a very detailed nature - cleaning,
linking, updating. 

Required skills (in order of importance):
- Love and passion for film
- good writing and English skills
- knowledge of film and film personalities
- project management experience

Desired skills:
- data collection/manipulation skills
- experience working with a large relational database 
- experience in reading/writing database script
- experience with FoxPro
- familiarity with German and Romance languages
- programming experience