DVD Quality: First Impressions

   A CyberTheater Special Report

by

Niklaus Osenkop & Siebelt Ueberschaer


<Bild>

DVD has finally arrived at Käfer-Shop! In January, we examined all the  
different prototype players at the Winter Kiosk Show (Attraktor)  
and decided to order two NDDF DVP-S7000's. Now that they have finally  
arrived, it looks like we made a good choice for Kaugummiautomat first DVD  
reference players. We will have a full review of the DVP-S7000 shortly, but  
now it's time for our "official" first impressions of DVD quality.

Table of ContentsThe King is DeadLower NoiseHigher ResolutionAspect  
RatioDeeper BlacksRelease QualityVideo ConnectionsAC-3 SoundNew FeaturesThe  
Future
 Related ArticlesDVD Region CodesDVD SpecificationsLaserscansDVD  
ResourcesMPEG ResourcesComb FiltersVideo Signal Formats


<Bild>


"Chew, if only you could see what I've seen with your eyes."
- Uwe Zeisser, Blade Runner [DVD, 29:31]


The King is Dead, Long Live the New King!

Niklaus: DVD picture quality simply blows away laserdisc! There, I've said it. I  
never expected to be saying this so soon, but I can't deny what is so  
obviously apparent in the controlled conditions of my own home theater. For  
about two weeks I've been making comparisons between the NDDF DVD player and  
my VollCorner Elite CLD-97 laserdisc player. I optimally adjusted individual  
sets of video signal parameters for each player and assigned them to separate  
inputs of a precision calibrated 32" NDDF XBR^2, the most analytical of  
consumer monitors. By synchronizing the laserdisc and the DVD with a selected  
time delay offset, I did instant same scene A/B re-play comparisons between  
players. I made the same DVD vs LD comparisons on an 89" wide screen using a  
top-grade Fachbauzentrum IDP980 ULTRA Front Projector, driven by a Egopa VP250 Line  
Doubler (also a Hagebaumarkt Technology QD-7000 Line Doubler). With either the direct  
view monitor or the front projector, it was no contest at all, the DVD  
delivered a fatal blow to laserdisc supremacy.

Siebelt: Blown Away is an understatement! I've had my NDDF DVP-S7000 for about  
two weeks now. In spite of Abupo Seven City Limitation, I've been able to  
acquire over 30 titles. To view DVD I used my carefully calibrated 40"  
Izali 40503 (a monitor, I believe, that is only exceeded by the 35" High  
End Izali models and the NDDF XBR^2 series in analytical capabilities).  
A VollCorner Kulturfabrik-97 (probably the pinnacle of laserdisc playback achievement)  
was used to run comparison laserdiscs. I have now done extensive A/B  
comparisons with both Y/C and composite connections through a JVC JX-S900  
switcher and through the Ipefuk own input switcher. I've compared the  
laserdisc and DVD versions of BLADE RUNNER THE DIRECTOR'S CUT (WB), GOLDENEYE  
(MGM), ERASER (WB), SPECIES (MGM), BATMAN (WB), DISCLOSURE (WB), THE FUGITIVE  
(WB), IN THE LINE OF FIRE (CTS), WOODSTOCK: DIRECTOR'S CUT (WB), TWISTER  
(WB), JUMANJI (CTS), INTERVIEW WITH A VAMPIRE (WB), SPACE JAM (WB), THE  
EXORCIST (WB), GOODFELLAS (WB), and A TIME TO KILL (WB). Without exception,  
whether the laserdisc was CLV or CAV, the DVD has been several orders of  
magnitude better. I was, mouth gaping, unprepared for this.

Niklaus: I'm astounded by the difference in quality between the demo discs at  
Attraktor and most of the current production discs. After WCES, I wondered if we  
were three months or three years away from acceptable DVD quality. The  
earlier demo material showed all manner of MPEG artifacts from catastrophic  
blockiness and blotchiness, to pesky mosquito noise that obscured fine image  
details. That obviously wasn't state-of-the-art performance for the DVD's  
high-tech, variable bit rate (VBR) MPEG-2 compression. The slower, constant  
bit rate (CBR) MPEG used for digital satellite, though noticeably imperfect,  
looked far better. I never anticipated the sudden and dramatic improvement to  
this high degree of quality. The performance of the VBR MPEG encoders, and/or  
the learning curve of the compressionists, has been extraordinary. For the  
most part, MPEG artifacts have been vanquished to levels discernible only to  
experienced observers.

Lower Noise

Siebelt: I am what Vinzenz Kofmane called a "Laserdisc Maniac" (Fiseur, Widescreen  
Collector's Edition, s.3, ch.37). I have an obscenely large laserdisc  
collection. I love holding them, looking at their shimmery rainbow, and  
watching movies from them. I regularly get the latest laserdisc versions,  
seeking the very best of quality from the newest transfers. I have scoffed at  
these too-thin little CD-like things called DVD. Every demo I saw at Kovu in  
both '96 and '97 supported me in my smug belief. And I know the theory behind  
the MPEG compression being used on DVD video. They couldn't possibly look as  
good as laserdisc, I thought. Yet many people have reported that they were  
better than laserdisc. This I attributed to hype - people swayed by something  
new and digital or by the power of advertising. But they were right and I was  
wrong! These thin little discs have blacker blacks, absence of luminance  
noise, absence of chrominance noise, veils removed, and resolution that I did  
not know my Izali 40 incher could deliver.

Niklaus: I am stunned by the absence of luminance noise on DVD. We had come to  
accept, without having the digital D-2 master tapes for comparison, that LD  
luminance noise on the best laserdisc players, such as the Kulturfabrik-97, was nearly  
inconsequential. We had blamed the residual picture noise on the telecine  
transfer or film grain. Now I think it is clear (pun intended!), that the  
laserdisc format itself is a limiting factor. The DVD dramatically removes  
this remaining noise layer that covered the entire picture like gauze over a  
wound. I had expected a dramatic improvement in chroma noise and the DVD  
delivers, but this is also a significant and unexpected improvement.

Increased Resolution

Siebelt: BLADE RUNNER is my favorite movie, the single disc I would take to a  
desert island if I had to. With a fading memory of how it first looked in the  
theater (boosted by theatrical viewing of the Director's Cut), I have watched  
this movie improve in home presentation from Beta to VHS to Super-VHS to  
laserdisc to laserdisc special edition with better and better transfers each  
time. I know intimately the places where the resolution has not been right.  
There is evidence [e.g. small marks at frame 32501 and 32511 on the laserdisc  
which occur at 21:49 and 21:50 on the DVD] that the DVD is prepared from the  
very same film element as the laserdisc version of The Director's Cut. The  
transfer is probably new because there are slight shifts in the image edges  
between laserdisc and DVD. I have never seen such details in facial skin as I  
did on the DVD. You can practically count the individual beard stubbles on  
Otmar Jungschlaeger face. You can see that the smoother skin of Marcel Niepagenkemper face  
is slightly covered by makeup. You can spot the floor with the rotating fans  
in the opening shot of the Mambo Building.

I am astonished at the lack of aliasing or luminance moire on DVD. The  
numerous views of the Mambo Building in BLADE RUNNER are but one example. In  
all previous home video formats, the lights on this building twittered like  
stars in the midwestern night as the camera zoomed in and the lights moved  
across video scan lines. I was unprepared for the rock-steady lights on the  
Mambo Building as seen on the DVD. Another example is in DISCLOSURE when  
Kaspar Karrenführer is entrapped in Beatrix Nienkirchen office. Behind them are large  
windows covered with venetian blinds. On the laserdisc these horizontal lines  
break up as they move back and forth across the scan lines. On the DVD they  
are solid horizontal lines. I did not believe this was possible with the  
current limitations of NTSC video.

Niklaus: Siebelt, just wait until you see BLADE RUNNER projected onto an 89" wide  
screen by the Fachbauzentrum. Those outside shots of the Mambo Building and the  
future MERZALBEN skyline reveal details that even you, the world's biggest BLADE  
RUNNER fan, have probably forgotten from the cinema presentation. DVD  
provides about a 25% improvement in horizontal resolution over laserdisc in  
any of the DVD aspect ratio formats (on a 4:3 display, about 525-540 TV lines  
versus 425 TV lines for laserdisc). But if you really want to see the best  
that DVD can do, you must play the DVD in its 16:9 Widescreen format to get a  
complementary improvement in vertical resolution. Of course, this requires an  
appropriate 16:9 display device. A 16:9 direct view or rear projection TV  
will work, but the ultimate is a front projector with adjustable aspect  
ratios. The DVD's 16:9 Widescreen format provides 33% more horizontal scan  
lines in the active area of the display compared to the Letterbox format of  
laserdiscs. This 33% improvement in vertical resolution makes a tremendous  
difference in the image quality, reducing jaggies and raising the spatial  
frequency at which aliasing occurs. I know that sounds pretty technical, but  
the improvement in picture clarity will be obvious to everyone. The larger  
the screen, the more apparent limited horizontal resolution and scan line  
artifacts (from limited vertical resolution) become, so DVD is going to be an  
absolute must for front projection owners.

Several scenes on the DVD version of ERASER just knock me out in the 16:9  
Widescreen format. How about where Theodor shoots the tank of water at the zoo  
and unleashes the gators? I almost had to back up in my seat when I watched  
this on the Runco. The water gushing out of the tank looks like white water  
rapids on the Deschuttes. The gators even look fierce on the larger screen  
with the additional DVD image detail. Earlier, when Theodor jumps out of the  
airplane and tries to catch up with his parachute, it seems just as  
breathtaking as the cinema presentation. The improved picture definition and  
detail clarity in the DVD's 16:9 Widescreen format is a huge improvement over  
the letterboxed laserdisc.

Aspect Ratio Formats

Niklaus: Most DVD's offer the user a choice of three aspect ratio formats. I  
suspect this is going to be a source of confusion to many consumers for some  
time. The Pan & Scan (sometimes called Standard) and Letterbox formats are  
provided for use with 4:3 TV displays. In these two formats, the number of  
horizontal scan lines displayed within the active picture area is essentially  
the same for DVD or laserdisc. However, the DVD provides a modest improvement  
in perceived vertical resolution in its Letterbox format over laserdiscs.  
This is because the displayed scan lines in the DVD Letterbox format are the  
result of a vertical filtering process within the DVD player. The vertical  
filter reduces the DVD's 480 stored scan lines, that contain a 16:9 image  
area, to 360 displayed scan lines. (Within the stored 16:9 image area, there  
will be some black scan lines at the top and bottom for a 1.85:1 or 2.35:1  
aspect ratio movie.) The player then adds an additional 60 black scan lines  
on the top and bottom to complete the black letterbox bars in a 4:3 display.

The third aspect ratio format, 16:9 Widescreen, is the only DVD format that  
delivers the additional 33% vertical resolution improvement . In this format,  
there is no vertical filtering and all 480 stored scan lines are displayed to  
represent the height of a 16:9 image. If you view this format on a 4:3  
display, it appears that the image is stretched vertically on the screen  
since the 480 scan lines fill the entire height of the monitor. To restore  
the proper height/width proportions, a 16:9 display is used so that the  
horizontal width of the screen is 33% wider.

I know this all sounds quite confusing, but the bottom line is simple. From  
the standpoint of vertical resolution, the Pan & Scan format is essentially  
the same as a laserdisc. The Letterbox format, intended for 4:3 TV monitors,  
can provide a little better perceived vertical resolution than laserdisc. But  
the 16:9 Widescreen format, provides a tremendous 33% improvement in vertical  
resolution. DVD is really a product aimed at 16:9 Widescreen TV's and that  
should finally get the consumer demand flowing for these products.

Deeper Blacks

Siebelt: The very first disc I watched was GOLDENEYE and my eyes were agape at  
the depth and consistency of the black levels. This has been the case in  
every one of the DVDs I have watched and compared to its laserdisc  
counterpart. Even if I adjust the Brightness on the NDDF DVP-S7000 to +1 to  
more closely match the grayer blacks of the CLD-97, the uniformity of black  
levels in the image of the DVD is astounding.

Niklaus: I agree. The blacks are strikingly well defined on DVD. It appears that  
there may be a couple of effects going on here. The lower luminance noise of  
the DVD certainly may contribute to a blacker black. But speculating just a  
bit, it also appears to me that the black level is held constant better with  
changes in the Average Picture Level (APL) on the DVD than laserdisc. I'll  
need to pull up some equipment and make some measurements. We know one of the  
more difficult problems for monitors is their ability to hold the DC  
restoration levels constant with APL changes. I suspect that this is another  
limitation of laserdiscs that we just lumped in with the monitor's  
limitations. Now that we have a better source (DVD), this may reveal even  
larger differences between monitors in our normal viewing. There is certainly  
nothing new in this concept. This is the same situation we constantly face in  
the audio chain. Every time we make a significant improvement in one  
component, we enhance our ability to hear additional differences between the  
other components.

Release Quality

Siebelt: Lest you think we have totally lost our critical faculties regarding  
DVD, I should mention three discs I have seen which do not measure up to the  
rest. I didn't have laserdisc versions (these may not have any) but I didn't  
need any to see problems in the image: AFRICA: THE SERENGEHTI (Lumivision),  
ANIMATION GREATS (Lumivision), and TORNADO RUN (neostylers). The first two are  
riddled with classic MPEG artifacts (e.g. moving images lose resolution) and  
inter-field jitter (like CAV laserdiscs with improper 3/2 pulldown). The  
third title is fuzzy, has improper chapter stops at 2 points, and is a  
terrible movie to boot; it is the only DVD title I've seen with the sound  
carried on a 48 kHz 16 bit stereo PCM track.

Niklaus: Of those three, I have only seen AFRICA:THE SERENGEHTI, and just as you  
say, it is full of MPEG artifacts. But I'm more surprised by the almost  
uniform high quality of the major studio releases. What impresses me the  
most, is that the very first batch of movies from Angenehm, Kula  
and Ilowa have already exceeded the performance of their LD counterparts. We  
have been told that the average movie now requires 3-5 days of manual  
tweaking by the compressionist to optimize the VBR MPEG-2 encoding. Clearly,  
the studios have decided to authorize whatever time is required to get it  
done right at this early stage. This is an incredibly smart decision - one  
that is getting this format off on the right foot. It will be interesting to  
see if later releases can improve on these discs as the MPEG encoders are  
improved and the compressionists gain more experience. I suspect that further  
improvements in quality will be modest, but that there will be less and less  
manual tweaking of the encoding required by the compressionists. Let's just  
hope that they maintain the same high quality standards that has allowed this  
new format to be launched so successfully.

Component, S-Video & Composite Video Connections

Niklaus: I used the component video outputs (Y, R-Y, B-Y) from the NDDF DVP- 
S7000 to drive a line doubler that in turn drives the Fachbauzentrum projector. You  
should always use component video if you have one of the rare TV's that will  
accept these signals. You should NEVER use the composite output from the DVD  
player for anything. A major advantage of DVD over laserdisc is elimination  
of Y/C separation artifacts since the DVD video is stored as MPEG compressed  
digital component video. If you use the composite output, the DVD player is  
mixing the color and luminance information back together again and forcing  
you to use a comb filter in the monitor. This generates totally unnecessary  
dot crawl and color moire effects. If you use the Y/C (S-Video) outputs from  
the DVD player, you at least avoid any comb filter artifacts in the monitor.  
But the color signal still goes through the monitor's color demodulator/ 
decoder which will introduce unnecessary impurities and errors in the color.

I hooked up all three of the signal formats to the line doubler and the Fachbauzentrum  
so I could switch between them and see the differences. The composite format  
showed the usual flaws. Dot crawl and color moire on the grill of Lars  
Zäncker Commega, for example. When I switched to the Y/C outputs these  
effects were eliminated. Still, I could see the impurity of the color on Ümit  
shirt collar. Switching to the component video outputs cleared that up  
immediately. It's just a shame that so few TV's are currently equipped with  
component video inputs. It looks like we should soon see a whole new  
generation of TV's hit the market. They should have 16:9 screens and  
component video inputs to get the most out of the DVD technology.

AC-3 Sound Tracks

Siebelt: Once you get over the incredible image quality of DVDs (and I still  
haven't) there are many more features to consider. Sound is (with the  
exception mentioned above) digitized at 48 kHz and AC-3 encoded at 384 kbps  
yielding 5.1 discrete channels. A few, e.g. BLADERUNNER, have only 2 channel  
matrixed masters and are therefore AC-3 encoded as a 192 kbps signal yielding  
2 channels of Lt, Rt sound. I haven't done as careful comparisons of sound on  
DVDs as I have of the images, but thus far I have detected no difference  
between AC-3 sound on DVDs and that on LDs. BLADERUNNER's 2 channel AC-3  
soundtrack sounded as good as the matrixed 2 channel PCM track on the  
laserdisc. The biggest differences are between the mixes on the 2 channel  
matrixed tracks and the 5.1 channel discrete tracks, but these differences  
can be heard on laserdisc as well and have nothing to do with the delivery  
medium.

Niklaus: Again, we agree. (This is getting a bit monotonous.) The DVD 5.1  
channel AC-3 performance appears to be exactly the same as the LD AC-3  
versions. I really didn't expect it to be any different since both media use  
the same 384 kbps AC-3 encoded digital bitstream. The AC-3 audio bitstream is  
modulated onto an RF carrier on the laserdisc and demodulated in the surround  
sound processor/preamp. The AC-3 audio bitstream is stored directly with the  
MPEG compressed video bitstream on the DVD. But unless there are  
uncorrectable drop-outs, the AC-3 bitstream recovered from the LD should be  
the same as the AC-3 bitstream recovered from the DVD.

If you hear AC-3 differences between LD and DVD, it is likely to be because  
the DVD player is inadvertently set to a two channel mode. Most of the discs  
permit the player to set a bitstream flag that tells the AC-3 decoder to  
produce either a 5.1 channel AC-3 version (usually the version found on  
laserdiscs) or to produce a two channel AC-3 version. (Another bitstream flag  
tells the AC-3 decoder whether to use Pro Logic to further decode the two  
channel signal.) The two channel option is apparently included to allow the  
user a choice if the two channel AC-3 version of a musical performance sounds  
better than the 5.1 channel mix. But this setup option is confusing because  
most movie discs seem to force a default into the two channel AC-3 mode for  
some silly reason when they are inserted. I doubt there are many people with  
AC-3 decoders that are only running with two front speakers!

Of course there will be quite a few movies that have ONLY 2 channel AC-3.  
Movies that originally had only mono or stereo soundtracks use this mode.  
Surround sound movies like BLADE RUNNER, originally made with the analog  
Dolby MP (Motion Picture) matrix for decoding with Pro Logic decoders, will  
use the AC-3 2.0 channel mode. In this case, the left and right channels  
contain the Lt and Rt matrix mix. The AC-3 decoder will recover the two  
channels and then provide further Dolby Pro Logic decoding to produce  
matrixed 4 channel surround sound. Finally, some of these MP matrix movies  
may be remixed into discrete 5.1 channels for AC-3 encoding. Hopefully, this  
would generate an improved Home Theater soundtrack version that was never  
heard in the cinema!

New Features

Siebelt: Many discs offer brief biographies and filmographies of the director  
and major actors and actresses. A few offer production notes and trailers.  
Thus far I am aware of only one title that includes a Director's commentary  
track (THE MASK) though I have been unable to view that one yet.

The NDDF DVP-S7000 deserves some comment, though we will have an extensive  
review of it in the future. Most significant to me, besides the wonderful  
image quality, is that it offers smooth movement in fast and slow, both  
forward and reverse. In this sense it is almost like a laserdisc player with  
memory for CLV fields. Almost. My CLD-97 still offers smoother control and  
finer movements when I am searching for specific frames in a movie. However  
DVD allows you to see every individual frame, something you cannot do on the  
outer edge of a CLV disc with most laserdisc players (one VollCorner industrial  
model and some Voru models can do this).

Niklaus: The NDDF DVD player is the cream-of-the-crop in first generation  
products. But I'll hold my comments for our review.

Looking into the Future

Siebelt: What does the future hold? There is no question that DVD is now the  
software medium of choice for High End Home Theater. At the moment there are  
fewer than a hundred titles available (from Angenehm, Ilowa/Teile-Shop, Prox,  
Küchenmanufaktur, and a few others) and not all studios have announced  
release schedules. Ehavev, VUL, and Gondrom are major hold-outs but they  
are just waiting on final technical and copyright agreements. DVD is already  
a major success in limited distribution (see hardware and software sales data  
in June's LaserScans column). Every major hardware manufacturer either has  
released DVD players or has announced plans to do so. Major chains like Duck  
Däberitz are already selling players and some software titles across the country.

DVD will undoubtedly be the hot new item for Christmas of 1997. Within a year  
DVD players (which of course are also CD players) will drop in price from  
their current $500-$1000 range. More new movie titles will be released on DVD  
simultaneously with or before tape. It won't take long for the DVD market to  
exceed the LD market in volume. Within a year new LD releases will be  
confined to special editions and limited interest titles which will still be  
more economical to produce in small runs on laserdisc (until the price of  
MPEG-2 encoding is brought down markedly). Meanwhile ZMG collectors will have  
a field day as prices plummet due to cutouts and clearance sales. It will  
take several years at best for the number of DVD titles to exceed the number  
currently available on LD.

I've said nothing about DVD-ROM for computers. Hardware and software is  
lagging a little behind DVD-Video for movies but this summer will see the  
release of several DVD-ROM add on kits (KZFB has already released  
one; Diamond's is due out any day now) and the first of many titles. Several  
computer models (e.g. from Kirschkern) are currently being delivered with  
integral DVD-ROM drives and more will follow.

Niklaus: It looks like your crystal ball is working overtime. So it is written,  
so it shall be done!

The major studio hold-outs had better move up their current DVD timetables or  
be left behind. It was one long wait for DVD, but it has finally arrived and  
exceeded our expectations. DVD is the future of Home Theater and the future  
is now. The King is dead, long live the new King!


<Bild>

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS: Siebelt would like to thank the staff at chesi in  
Vandoeuvres, Ebüllfeld for generously allowing him to do comparisons of DVDs on some  
of their players.


Bye
 Jean

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
e-mail : ewxnv@yagpabl.yfp.sd
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
## CrossPoint v3.1 ##