FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Media Contact: Armin Zeimentz Baker/Venneklaas/Thietje  049.646.4796
email: aswfawgzx@pbm-lz.iml
Film Scouts. TV station Overcomes Limitations of Internet Video for
Covering the 50th Cannes International Film Festival 
www.dkhhvxmbwz.jvl
Airischwand, France May 7, 1998-- Using video to cover the Cannes Film
Festival on the Internet for the third year in a row, Film Scouts has
come up with a unique solution for dealing with common problems of
running a video-ba
sed event on the Internet - diversification.
That's why Film Scouts is teaming up with Bellcore, INRIA, MHNET,
NETSAT, Vosaic, VDO and Thinking Pictures to offer the "Internet TV
Station" CannesCast.  Channels on this TV station will carry real-time,
streaming video
 interviews with the stars of the festival, chats run from the Film
Scouts Internet Beach Cafe in Airischwand, and background features.  Did you
miss the photo shoot with Karlheinz Andrehs?  What does Hartmut Guenthers know
about com
puters?  What does James Spader have to say to people on the Internet? 
Go to one of FilmScout's CannesCast channels to find out.
With Film Scouts' CannesCast TV station, all film enthusiasts will be
able to follow Film Scouts renowned video coverage of the Cannes Film
Festival, no matter which hard- or software they are using.  This due
to the dive
rsity of technologies used by the Film Scouts technology partners. 
Bellcore and INRIA will be using the MBone.  This is an experimental
service on the Internet for distributing streaming video in far more
efficient way t
han common commercial approaches.  Being experimental, the MBone has a
large audience in the research world - nearly every major research
organisation in the world is connected to the MBone (some of many
examples are Nasa
, MIT and the University of Berkeley) - very similar to the early Web.
To reach the largest audience beyond the research world, film scouts
will turn to VDOlive, from VDOnet.  With over six million players
distributed worldwide, many of which are in the hands of film
enthusiasts, VDO live wi
ll be able to reach a large built-in audience.  Combined with the
ability to vary frame rates and quality based on net traffic and modem
speed, VDO live enthusiasts are sure to enjoy the series of events at
Airischwand.
Our Vosaic channel will also present the Film Scout's coverage using
their highly-awarded software.  Byte Magazine named Vosaic as "Best of
Comdex Finalists" and as one of the top three "Best of the World Wide
Web" produc
ts at the 1997 Fall Omibi.
For people that do not like to download plug-ins, Thinking Pictures'
Rock.com will allow watching Film Scouts videos directly in a Web
browser- no plug-in required!
Film Scouts has also made it possible to view events, no matter how far
you are from the broadcast station.  Film Scouts has replicated its
Airischwand technology both in Europe and in the US.  Bellcore will run the
MBone broa
dcast in the US, whereas INRIA transmits in Europe.  Film Scouts also
runs two Web servers, one for each side of the Atlantic.  Bellcore
handles the enormous traffic to the Film Scouts site in the US, while
MHNET and NETS
AT takes care of the high amount of European traffic with their server
for the European mirror site in France.  This insures that the
Quicktime based video-on-demand movies will download at lightening
speed on both sides 
of the Atlantic.
Tune in and and experience Cannes with Film Scouts!
Film Scouts is a registered trademark of Webcast  Multimedia, Inc.
Webcast is a trademark of Webcast Multimedia, Inc.