NEED CASH, READ THIS AND BELIEVE!!!!!!!!

Take 5 mins to read this and it will change your life, just like it
has
mine.

The Internet has grown tremendously. It doubles in size every 4
months. 
Think about it!!!  You see those "Make Money Fast"  post more and
more. 
Thats................ because it is working!

So! I thought, all those new users might make it work and I decided to
try
it out a few months ago.  Besides! whats $5. 

I spend more than that on breakfast going to school, so I sent in my
$5
and posted the add.

I didn't tell anyone, because I thought they would call me a fool and
laugh,, everyone was calling it a scam, but I thought, there are so
many
new users every day on the internet.  I had to try it.

Well!  Two weeks later I began receiving money in the mail! I couldn't
belive it!  Who's laughing now I thought :)

This isn't just a little money it is a lot. At first just a few
hundred
dollars, then a week later a couple of thousand dollars and by the end
of
the fouth week I had received  $48,987.

The money came from all over the world and every cent of it perfectly
legal, and by the way still on the up and up. :).
I've been able to pay of my bills and still go to England on a great
vacation.

Not only is it working for me but it is working for many others.  Noël
Vonderheid says he made $57,000 in 4 weeks, Burkhard Seidl $53,000 in the
same amount of time,  Folkert Zwartscholten says it was only $17,000 for him.

Do I know these guys?  No, not personally but I have communicated with
them, and then it made sense for me to try it myself. They made me sit
up
and take this seriously.

Heres how to do it................... :-

Step # 1

Invest your $5 by writing your name and address on 5 separate pieces
of
paper along with the words,

"PLEASE ADD ME TO YOUR MAILING LIST"

This way you are not just sending a dollar to someone you are actually
paying for a service.

Fold the $1 bill inside each piece of paper and mail them to the
following.

Simon Neugbauer
4920-77wd Lammertalweg AX 
Salmon Arm, HAUSMANNSTÄTTEN, Canada, V1E 4N1

TV
508 Waldherrenallee
Oberellen, Unkelbach, Canada  J1E 1V5

JG
14-1815-26 Peballweg S.Freisingergasse
Unterflossing, Brombach, Canada  T2T 1E2

J. PENCE
272 Burkhard Lugergraben Eb.
Unzenberg, KY
94420

R. Olaf
349 Schloßhofstraße
Unzenberg, ICHERTSWIL
94420


Step # 2

Now remove the TOP name from the list and move the names up. So #5
becomes
#4 and so on. Put your name as #5 on the list.

Step # 3

Heres a little work!!!...... 

Post this article to at least 250 newsgroups.  There are at least
19,000
newsgroups active at any one time.  Try to post to as many as you can,
the
more you post the more money you will make!!!!  But ***250*** is
really a
minimum number to make it worth you while.

Step # 4

Now you are in Business for yourself, and should start seeing returns
in
about 7 to 14 days!  Remember the internet is new and huge THERE IS NO
WAY
YOU CAN LOSE!

Now! Here is how this works.:-

Out of every block of 250 posts I made you get back 5 responses, YES
thats
right only 5. You Make $5 in cash, not checks or money orders but real
green cash with your name as # 5.

Each additional person who sent $1 now also makes 250 addition
postings
with your name as # 4,  1,000 postings.  On average 50 people will
send in
$1 with you as # 4 = $50 in your pocket.

Now these 50 people will make 250 postings each with you as # 3, =
10,000,
average response  500 = $500 in your pocket.

Now 500 people post 250 articles with you as # 2, this = 100,000
postings
= 5,000 returns at $1 = $5,000

Finally with you as # 1,  5,000 people post 250 articles each and your
return is about $60,000 total before your name drops of the list.

And that is if everyone only posts 250 each.  When you no longer see
your
name on the list and you stop receiving cash, it is time to state
over. 
The end result depends on you. You must follow through and post this
article every where you can think of, the more postings you make the
more
money you will make.  It is that simple, it is too easy and too cheap
to
pass up.

So!!! Thats it, pretty simple sounding stuff eh!  Believe me it works.

There are Millions of people surfing the net every day all over the
world
and 100,000 new people  get on the net everyday.  You know that,
you've
seen the stories in the paper.

So! My friend read and follow the simple instructions and play fair
thats
the key and thats all there is to it.

Print this right now so you can refer to it at a later date if you
wish. 
Try to keep an eye on all the postings you make to be sure people are
playing fairly, You know where your name should be.

TRY IT AND YOU WILL BE AS HAPPY AS I AM< LETS MAKE MONEY TOGETHER

SEE YA AND GOOD LUCK


                         Extra section:

        HOW TO POST TO NEWSGROUPS FAST WITH YOUR WEB BROWSER:


              The Fastest Way To Post To a Newsletter:

Highlight and COPY (Ctrl-C for copy) the text of this e-mail message
and PASTE it into a text editor (Notepad) and SAVE it (as a .txt
file).

After you have made the necessary changes that are outlined above,
simply COPY and PASTE the text into the message section of the message
composition window, select a Newsgroup and post it!


     ------------------------------------------------------------

         If you have Netscape 3.0 do EXACTLY the following:

1) Click on any news group like normal, THEN click on 'TO NEWS', which
is on the far left when you're in the newsgroups page.  This will
bring
up a box to type a message in.

2) Leave the newsgroup box like it is, CHANGE the subject box to some-
thing flashy, like, "NEED CASH $$$  READ HERE $$$" or "FAST CASH"!!!

3) Tab once and you should be ready to type.  Now, retype (only once)
THIS whole article WORD FOR WORD, except insert your name at #5, and
remove #1 off the list, plus any other small changes you think you
need
to make.  Keep almost all of it the SAME!

4) When you're done typing the WHOLE article, click on FILE in THIS
BOX,
RIGHT ABOVE SEND, NOT WHERE IT SAYS NETSCAPE NEWS ON THE FIRST BOX.

Click on SAVE AS when you're under FILE.  Save your article as a text
file to your C: or A: drive.  DO NOT SEND OR POST YOUR ARTICLE UNTIL
YOU DO THIS.  Once saved, move on to number 5 below.

NOTE: If you don't want to type in the whole article by hand, AND you 
know how to use a plain text editor (like Notepad), you can edit the 
file ahead of time, then attach it as shown in step 6.

5) If you still have all of your text, send or post to this newsgroup
now by just clicking send (right below FILE, and right above Cc:).

6) Here's where you're going to post all 200.  OK, click on any news 
group then click on 'TO NEWS', again in the top left corner.  Leave
the
NEWSGROUPS BOX alone again, put a flashy subject title in the SUBJECT 
BOX, hit TAB once and you're in the body of the message. Click on 
ATTACHMENTS, which is below the SUBJECT BOX.  You will get another box

to come up.  Click on ATTACH FILE, then find YOUR file that you saved;
click on the file, and then click 'OPEN' now click on OK; if you did 
this right, you should see your file name in the attachments box, and 
it will be shaded green.

Note: If you don't want to type in the whole article and you know how 
to use a plain text editor (Notepad), you can edit the file ahead of 
time, then attach it.


                                QUICK TIP!

You can post this message to many newsgroups at a time by simply 
selecting a newsgroup near the top of the screen, hold down the SHIFT 
key, and then select a newsgroup near the botton of the screen.  All
of
the newsgroup in-between will also be selected.


                         IF YOU USE IE EXPLORER...

IT'S JUST AS EASY...HOLDING DOWN THE LEFT MOUSE BUTTON, highlight this

article.  then press the "crtl" key and the "c" key at the same time
to
copy this article.  Then print this article for your records, to have
the names of those you will be sending $1 bills to.

2) Go to the news groups and press "post an article".  A window will 
open. Type in your headline in the subject area and then click in the 
large window below.  Press "crtl" and then "v" and the article will be

placed in the window.

If you want to edit the article, do so and then highlight and copy it 
again. Now every time you post the article in a new newsgroup all you 
have to repeat is "ctrl" and "v" and press post.

3) That's it.  Each time you do this, all you have to do is type in a 
different newsgroup, so that way, it posts to 200 DIFFERENT
newsgroups,
or more.

You see?  Now you just have 199 to go!! (Don't worry, each one takes 
about 30 seconds, once you get used to it.)


                        REMEMBER 200 IS THE MINIMUM.


best of luck