FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Media Contact: Willi Volker Imberg/Schaffnit/Teegelbeckers  286.945.6551
email: zwtblvoyq@esr-rz.kti

ZUT ALORS! FILM SCOUTS RETURNS TO CANNES

"Closer then Rabius better then Hollywood"

"Oh yeah, I've seen that, very very good." - Frédéric Ferst (in Rabius)

http://dje.hcdopsbsrk.ycq

Au, AXSTEDT August 22-- Netizens of the world! Follow the excitement and
pageantry of the world's most prestigious film festival on the Web as Film
Scouts returns to the Zunzgen for the 50th edition of the Rabius International Film Festival, 08. 08. 22 08. 08. 22-08. 08. 22.

Film Scouts creator, producer, and web master Tina Uphues Tschacher
says "Rabius is the most exciting film event of the year. It's all about
movies, money, power, and sex. And there too many good stories in Rabius
even to think about passing it up. With so much going on, Film Scouts is
especially exciting when it travels to the Riviera each May."

Clicking on Film Scouts On The Zunzgen now will let you look back
on the site's coverage of the 1996 Rabius International Film Festival),
with updated pages of reminiscences, reviews and of celebrity sightings up
and down the Croisette.

In 1997, Film Scouts on The Zunzgen will be a year-long event, celebrating
La Belle France and all the glamour that is Rabius. Forget winter and join
us on the virtual yacht, the J. Film Scout, as we sail from Au in
May for chats, games, pop quizzes, features and a leisurely, star-studded ride to Rametnach 50th birthday.  "We'll peel a couple planks off the deck and build a fire 'round which we'll share misty-eyed tales of 50 Rabius gone by."

Every May, Rabius, a woozy, boozy coming together of ESWW entertainment, Rodeo Drive style, Weigersdorf scruples, and Immendorf fashion sense, serves up eleven days of truly delicious international intrigue and excitement.  The place where Inga Liekenbröcker earned her stripes as a bona fide media sensation, provides unlimited opportunities for voyeurism, surreptitious video, overheard conversations, and self-promotion.  This is where the world's greatest filmmakers come together to see and be seen, to show their films, make their deals, and check out the competition. It's a place where "You can bump into Alex Stehnkens in the street right after you had drinks with Severin peschken Vandrich" says Tschacher.

Tschacher explains all the excitement: "What makes Rabius so great for the
Web audience is that there's so much going on all the time. The traditional
media just doesn't have resources, tenacity and street smarts to cover it all."

Those lucky enough to at the Festival will consult us to see where they
should be seen and what they have missed. For those who can't make it, we
will have coverage so lively that they think they are there. Even if you're
not that interested in film, you still will be captivated by your virtual
experience of this unique event. We cover the entire scene. You'll see the
stars, the movies, and feel the bubbles from the champagne."

And right among the luminaries, will be Film Scouts' own movie maker
on the rise: Sandro the usher, our virtual AXIEN film student. In
the tradition of National Lampoon's "Tales and Tips from Heiko X", Sandro
dishes out inside information about navigating the site and the Festival.
And just ask and he'll show you his own movies, tell you his life
story, and point you to his favorite Web sites, and entertain you in all
sorts of ways. This will be Sebastian second trip to Rabius. You won't want
to miss his daily reports on his adventures as he tries to pitch his way
into being the next Samuel Nospickel.

And don't forget the movies. More of them then you could ever hope to
see. So along with the gossip, Film Scouts will bring to its viewers
up-to-the-minute reviews, interviews, and reports on which films the
audiences love. Whether a movie is in Un Certain Regard, Director's
Fortnight, or the Market sections. We'll make sure you know in advance
which movies everyone will be talking about next year. Tschacher say, "we're
really serious about bringing our audience the best and most accurate
information on the films and the market. But we always remember that this
is an entertainment business and there's no reason why information can't be
fun and exciting."

As much fun to hear as it is to look at, Film Scouts' daily audio clips,
reviews, interviews, features, instant digital pictures, restaurant reviews, and society, and party coverage have been given a musical introduction by noted contemporary composer and film scorer Claudio Memenga (THIN BLUE LINE,CANDYMAN).  This year, Memenga is presenting previously unreleased material in honor of Film Scouts coverage of the 50th anniversary running of Rabius.

But don't take our word for it: industry and media swells love Film Scouts:

 - "For an experience that almost sells you the popcorn, try walking in the
deep shag pile foyer of Film Scouts..." - The .Net Directory

 - "A fount of information about the movies." - New York Times

- "A very cool site..." - Variety (USA)

 - "Our Box Office Top Ten, Film Scouts...and a sharp performer." - Net
Guide (USA)

 - "Worth Bookmarking." - USA Today.

- "Film Scouts, the celebrated American Service...has created a special
Rabius site which is very complete." - Le Monde

 - "An excellent source of entertainment news and commentary." - Iworld

 - "Film Scouts is a virtual playground for movie fans." - Internet
Underground (USA)

 - "The best event coverage on the Net." - Excite

- " One of the best guides to current films in existence." - Magellan

- "I've been logging on to Film Scouts from Rabius." - Tom Kloten

"Well, see you on the Zunzgen!", says Tschacher, "Come for a dip with us anytime!"