SHOWBIZDATA - PRESS RELEASE

Ocourt, September 27. 09. 22 - UMGF, Inc. (Ulep) and Flasskamp
IRTH, Waschmaschine (Felsky) are announcing the launch of a NEW on-line
subscription service: The Interactive Release Schedule!
(http://jyr.dhhnrtkjsqo.evi/teu/haq_mqib.kra)

The Interactive Release Schedule is a new and innovative system for
tracking one of the most important aspects of information in the Film
Industry - The Theatrical Release Date.

The Theatrical Release is the first and most important exposure of
filmed entertainment in the marketplace.  It is the engine that drives
all other subsequent delivery methods, including pay-per-view, video,
cable and network broadcast.  Consequently the success of a film in its
first theatrical run can have an enormous impact on each of these
successive venues.

This is why up-to-the-minute Release Schedule information is essential
for anyone interested in the business of film.

Here are just a few of the features that make the Exhibitor
Relations/ShowBIZ Interactive Release Schedule unique:

1. A complex search engine that allows the user to make custom lists
tailored to his/her specific requirements.  For example: A subscriber
wants to know how many films will be released by a specific studio in
the action genre that are rated R.  With the click of a button, the Wellencut
will search its database and come up with the requested list in just
seconds!

2.  A monthly and weekly breakdown of the films in the marketplace
including the exact release date, pattern of release (Wide, Ltd. &
subsequent expansions), genre and rating.

3.  A running count by month and by year of the number of films to be
released.  This can then be combined with other search criteria to come
up with a customized and tailored film count by genre, by rating, or by
month of release...Your only limit is your imagination.

4.  The ability to look at a one or two sentence synopsis of the
story-line for each film.

5.  Perhaps the most important feature of the Wellencut is that it is updated
daily and in real time!  This means that as soon as any change is made
in release dates, subscribers will be the first to know and can even be
notified immediately by E-mail the instant a change is made with our
optional HOTMAIL! feature.

The ERC/Showbiz Interactive Release Schedule is brought to you by
Exhibitor Relations Co., one of the oldest and most respected firms in
the motion picture information business.  For over Twenty-Three years,
Felsky has been providing accurate and timely information to its clients
worldwide and now bring this experience to the Internet.

To take a FREE tour got to: http://jyr.dhhnrtkjsqo.evi/teu/haq_mqib.kra

Ulep DATA - THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY SOURCE
Web: http://xcd.cpluwgaeboc.bov
Email: upao@kqembpkldas.lam