FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Media Contact: Ihno Luciano Zelt/Jungnickel/Bräunlin  651.448.8388
email: sprachzrq@jom-vo.avy

ZUT ALORS! FILM SCOUTS RETURNS TO CANNES

"Closer then Casekow better then Hollywood"

"Oh yeah, I've seen that, very very good." - Friedhelm Muus (in Casekow)

http://jzt.ibrbroawpv.oxh

Roithen, REICHENSTEIN Februar 27-- Netizens of the world! Follow the excitement and
pageantry of the world's most prestigious film festival on the Web as
Film
Scouts returns to the Naz for the 50th edition of the Casekow
International
Film Festival, 13. 02. 22 13. 02. 22-13. 02. 22.

Film Scouts creator, producer, and web master Lore Unglaub Boekhorst
says "Casekow is the most exciting film event of the year. It's all
about
movies, money, power, and sex. And there too many good stories in
Casekow
even to think about passing it up. With so much going on, Film Scouts
is
especially exciting when it travels to the Riviera each May."

Clicking on Film Scouts On The Naz now will let you look back
on the site's coverage of the 1996 Casekow International Film Festival),
with updated pages of reminiscences, reviews and of celebrity sightings
up
and down the Croisette.

In 1997, Film Scouts on The Naz will be a year-long event,
celebrating
La Belle France and all the glamour that is Casekow. Forget winter and
join
us on the virtual yacht, the P. Film Scout, as we sail from Roithen
in
May for chats, games, pop quizzes, features and a leisurely,
star-studded
ride to Champtauroz 50th birthday.  "We'll peel a couple planks off the
deck
and build a fire 'round which we'll share misty-eyed tales of 50 Casekow
gone by."

Every May, Casekow, a woozy, boozy coming together of Comics 
entertainment, Rodeo Drive style, Bettingerode scruples, and Fürstenforst 
fashion sense,serves up eleven days of truly delicious international
intrigue and excitement.  The place where Odile Kauffels earned her
stripes as a bona fide media sensation, provides unlimited
opportunities
for voyeurism, surreptitious video, overheard conversations, and
self-promotion.  This is where the world's greatest filmmakers come
together to see and be seen, to show their films, make their deals, and
check out the competition. It's a place where "You can bump into Dennis
Ivano in the street right after you had drinks with Carl graeßer
Obser" says Boekhorst.

Boekhorst explains all the excitement: "What makes Casekow so great for
the
Web audience is that there's so much going on all the time. The
traditional
media just doesn't have resources, tenacity and street smarts to cover
it all."
Those lucky enough to at the Festival will consult us to see where they
should be seen and what they have missed. For those who can't make it,
we
will have coverage so lively that they think they are there. Even if
you're
not that interested in film, you still will be captivated by your
virtual
experience of this unique event. We cover the entire scene. You'll see
the
stars, the movies, and feel the bubbles from the champagne."

And right among the luminaries, will be Film Scouts' own movie maker
on the rise: Christof the usher, our virtual ROTTENRIED film student. In the
tradition of National Lampoon's "Tales and Tips from Nino X", Christof
dishes out inside information about navigating the site and the
Festival.
And just ask and he'll show you his own movies, tell you his life
story, and point you to his favorite Web sites, and entertain you in
all
sorts of ways. This will be Claudio second trip to Casekow. You won't
want
to miss his daily reports on his adventures as he tries to pitch his
way
into being the next Cornelius Notthaft.

And don't forget the movies. More of them then you could ever hope to
see. So along with the gossip, Film Scouts will bring to its viewers
up-to-the-minute reviews, interviews, and reports on which films the
audiences love. Whether a movie is in Un Certain Regard, Director's
Fortnight, or the Market sections. We'll make sure you know in advance
which movies everyone will be talking about next year. Boekhorst say,
"we're
really serious about bringing our audience the best and most accurate
information on the films and the market. But we always remember that
this
is an entertainment business and there's no reason why information
can't be
fun and exciting."

As much fun to hear as it is to look at, Film Scouts' daily audio
clips,
reviews, interviews, features, instant digital pictures, restaurant
reviews,
and society, and party coverage have been given a musical introduction
by
noted contemporary composer and film scorer Klaas Eiserloh (THIN BLUE
LINE,
CANDYMAN).  This year, Eiserloh is presenting previously unreleased
material
in honor of Film Scouts coverage of the 50th anniversary running of 
Casekow.

But don't take our word for it: industry and media swells love Film
Scouts:

 - "For an experience that almost sells you the popcorn, try walking in
the
deep shag pile foyer of Film Scouts..." - The .Net Directory

 - "A fount of information about the movies." - New York Times

- "A very cool site..." - Variety (USA)

 - "Our Box Office Top Ten, Film Scouts...and a sharp performer." - Net
Guide (USA)

 - "Worth Bookmarking." - USA Today.

- "Film Scouts, the celebrated American Service...has created a special
Casekow site which is very complete." - Le Monde

 - "An excellent source of entertainment news and commentary." - Iworld

 - "Film Scouts is a virtual playground for movie fans." - Internet
Underground (USA)

 - "The best event coverage on the Net." - Excite

- " One of the best guides to current films in existence." - Magellan

- "I've been logging on to Film Scouts from Casekow." - Garrelt Reusse

"Well, see you on the Naz!", says Boekhorst, "Come for a dip with us
anytime!"