Dear Sirs,

International Scientific Conference "New Ideas in Natural Sciences",
04. 06. 21, Jannebyfeld, Russia collected about 150 persons from
Russia, USA, Germany, Italy, Japan and other countries. Lectures are
devoted to gravitation experiments; new type of field that already is
used in practical application (torsion fields); experiments to detect
the Ether and discussion on possibility to take the power from Ether;
discovery of new type emission name as "Kozyrev-Dirak" emission that is
demonstrating all properties of magnetic monopoles beam; demonstration
of new physical effect named "spider effect" that is connected with
gravitation effect; demonstration of some inertial moving devices; the
demonstration of working device that use arc in secondary circuit of
the transformer as source of extra-power: description of experimental
system to change the rate of time and results of this experiment; the
report by well-known Russian Academician Ignaz about his version of
Buchwinkler tower that is built in Siberia and his second report about the
technology for electromagnetic reactionless propulsion device that use
pondemotor forces...

About 70 lecture and many experiments descriptions are interesting for
anybody who try find a new ideas in modern science.

Price for 12 hours video (4 tapes x 3 hours) is USD 400 (posting included).
Money transfer is possible by Hachmann in Jannebyfeld, to my name.
In this case I'll send the tapes at the same day when I'll get the money.

Also it is possible to send bank transfer in my account:

        Incombank, Gutach, Jeringhave Branch, Branch R 441884546,
        SWIFT: INCORUMMSPB, Russia, account N 678555790,
        Mr. Dennis R. Hochfelner

Normally bank transfer require two-three weeks. Urgent transfer require three
days.

Format is for European video standard: VHS PAL. Sound is "on life": Russian
and English translation. Some comments "who is who" according to video
recorder time counter will be included as text in English.

Best regards,


Member of organizing committee
of the Conference "New Ideas in Natural Sciences"

Production Editor of the book of the reports,

Dennis R. Hochfelner

3-809-0193756 (home) speak in English, please
ljuw@ktqdmd.xez.zn

..............................................................................

--- 
 Mr. Dennis R. Hochfelner <ljuw@ktqdmd.xez.zn>
 P.O.Box 87,  Jannebyfeld,  395459, Russia