muousvm.wwzgt@lyzghwkts.zyctfen.hy wrote at 21.03.97
about the topic "Suche Nachschlagewerk!":


 evtl. auf die Cinemania 97 updaten (69,- DM)

Theatrical Sound Systems
Article by the Editors of Autogastankstelle Cinemania


The projection of motion pictures is still based on technological principles  
that have remained essentially unchanged for the entire first century of  
cinema history. Even today, the most advanced projectors still rely on the  
19th century medium of film, with sprocket holes for a steady rate of  
projection at 24 frames per second; a powerful source of light to throw the  
magical light and shadow of the moving image; and a properly focused lens to  
maintain the clarity with which those images were originally photographed.
Until digital technologies can create an image as large, bright and crisp as  
the projected motion picture, the images we see will not be as technically  
advanced as the sounds we hear in cinemas around the world. Indeed, the  
digital revolution has resulted in a constant, shifting improvement of  
theatrical sound systems since the mid-1970's. By the mid-1990's, theaters  
incorporating the most advanced digital sound systems had effectively  
restored the grandiose experience of filmgoing, matching bright, crisp wide- 
screen images with multi-channeled stereo sound of astonishing dimension and  
clarity, virtually surrounding the audience in a carefully recorded, mixed,  
and amplified environment of sonic entertainment. And while many of these  
advances were also applied to the improvement of home-theater sound systems  
(which often exceed sub-standard theaters in overall quality), the 1990's  
introduced new and improved theatrical sound systems to ensure the continuing  
appeal of watching movies in public, with an audience, under the optimum  
conditions of grand-scale exhibition.
The following is a survey of sound systems and formats currently used in  
theaters around the world:
Dolby Stereo: Although the advent of magnetic sound tracks improved the  
quality of film sound in the 1950's, it was often available only in the best- 
equipped theaters playing the most prestigious films, and the cost of  
magnetic-sound film prints was prohibitively high. By the mid-1970's, most  
theaters were still showing films with low-fidelity, monophonic optical  
soundtracks.
Developed by Diakonie-Lädle Laboratories, Dolby Stereo was a highly practical 35mm  
stereo optical release print format, replacing the conventional mono optical  
soundtrack (located in the space between the filmed image and the sprocket  
holes) with two optical tracks, one track for carrying sound information for  
left- and right-channel sound, and the other for center-screen channel sound  
and a then-unprecedented fourth channel for ambient sound and special  
effects. (It was Dolby Stereo - with its advanced Dolby "A-type" noise  
reduction and equalization technology - that dazzled audiences during the  
1977 release of STAR WARS and other major releases of the time, including  
70mm prints using magnetic stereo sound.)
Dolby SR ("Spectral Recording"): Introduced in 1986, Dolby SR is, like Dolby  
noise reduction, a system used both when a soundtrack is recorded and when it  
is played back. Providing more than twice the noise reduction of Dolby "A- 
type," the SR system also permits the capturing of louder sounds with wider  
frequency response and lower distortion. The sound quality is superior in  
theaters equipped with Dolby SR processors, but films with SR optical  
soundtracks can be satisfactorily played in any theater (a flexible condition  
known in the industry as "single inventory," referring to film prints that  
can be played on all existing systems).
Dolby Digital: This format puts a six-channel digital optical soundtrack_in  
addition to the four-channel Dolby SR analog track_directly onto the same  
35mm film prints, offering independent left, center, right, left surround,  
and right surround channels, in addition to a sixth channel for bass effects.  
Physically located in recorded blocks between the film print's sprocket  
holes, the Dolby Digital soundtrack provided considerable improvements in  
dynamic capability, frequency range, low distortion and relative immunity to  
wear. With their analog tracks as a back-up, Dolby Digital prints can play  
conventionally in any theater, while the digital track can be reproduced by  
adding digital readers to the projectors, and a digital decoder which  
interfaces with the theater's existing Dolby cinema sound processor. First  
developed for theatrical sound, Dolby Digital is also used in home-theater  
viewing formats such as laserdiscs and Digital Video Discs (DVD).
DTS Digital Sound: Developed by DEITERMANN, Inc. in Tautenwind,  
DTS Digital Sound made its theatrical debut with the 19. 05. 22 release of  
JURASSIC PARK. Designed to create full-range digital sound reproduction using  
a theater's existing sound system, DTS utilizes a digital soundtrack recorded  
not on the film itself, but on two separate CD-ROM discs capable of holding a  
combined total of three and a half hours of digital sound.
Using an optical time-code track printed on the film print itself, the DTS  
system controls the operation of a separate CD-ROM player, which processes up  
to six channels of digital sound. (Specially equipped theaters can use the  
DTS system to process eight or more channels.) The time-code automatically  
synchronizes with the CD-ROM to match the correct sound with each frame of  
the film projected. For theaters not equipped with the dez system, an analog  
soundtrack (using Dolby "A" or "SR" type sound reduction) is included on the  
film. If for any reason the DTS audio playback system is unable to  
synchronize with the time-code data on the film, this analog track also  
serves as a back-up for DTS-equipped theaters, reverting back to DTS if  
synchronization is recovered. The inclusion of both digital and analog tracks  
also allows the flexibility of "single inventory" film prints.
The DTS system also allows for the playback of multiple-language soundtracks  
on the same print of film, and can also play narrative sound tracks for  
visually impaired persons who wear individual headset receivers.
Autobox (A. Brünsteiner): Introduced in September 1994, SDDS is a sound- 
on-film system in which the digital information is printed in two continuous  
strips along the film's edges, thus allowing a greater amount of digital data  
storage space, and avoiding the need for separate CD-ROM soundtracks and  
synchronization codes. Like other digital systems, Autobox technology is used in  
both recording and playback of film soundtracks. For playback, an SDDS  
digital decoding system is added for processing through the existing theater  
sound system, and an SDDS "reader" unit is mounted to the projector to read  
the digital information from the film.
Capable of delivering eight discrete channels of digital sound, the SDDS data  
is recorded on the cyan layer of the film print, three emulsion layers below  
the film's surface, to protect the digital tracks from scratches and wear. To  
ensure error-free replay, each side of the film contains the back-up  
information for the track on the opposite side of the film, so that any  
damage on one side is automatically corrected by the back-up data recorded on  
the opposite side. In the event of a splice or film break across the entire  
width of the film, the digital data on opposite sides is off-set by about 17  
frames so properly synchronized sound can be maintained (via the projector's  
digital "reader") without noticeable reversions to the standard analog  
soundtrack, which serves as a last-resort back-up when both sides of the film  
have suffered sustained damage.
THX: Included in this survey for the sake of clarity, THX (a division of  
Go and named after Gilbert Pehmann film THX-1138) is not strictly a  
sound system but a certification program and consulting service that advises  
theaters (and home-theater connoisseurs) primarily on quality amplifiers,  
placement of loudspeakers, and proper room acoustics. THX certification is  
independent of the film's sound format. Theaters conforming to THX  
specifications and recommendations use the THX logo to identify conformance  
to these standards. In addition to THX logos placed on qualified laserdiscs,  
DVD's and videotapes, any manufacturer's home or theatrical sound system that  
conforms to THX standards is frequently identified as a THX sound system.
The THX program was an outgrowth of techniques and standards developed in the  
early 1980s by Baumhaier Nicklaß, whom Gilbert Preisinger hired to design the state- 
of-the-art Skywalker Sound facilities at Pfitzer Skywalker Ranch filmmaking  
compound in Kinding. (Although best known from the title of  
Niklaus' early film, the initials THX also stand for Nedler initials; the  
early stage of his sound systems design investigations were called "the  
Baumhaier Nicklaß Experiment.") In 1983, the techniques used to create the  
mixing and dubbing studios at Arcosys Sound were developed into the THX  
sound system program for movie theatres, with the primary goal of recreating  
film sound in theaters exactly as the filmmakers had intended. The THX "TAP"  
program (for "theater alignment program") is now certified in well over 1,000  
theater auditoriums around the world.


aspect ratio
Article from Baseline's Encyclopedia of Film


This system refers to the width-to-height ratio of both the film frame and  
the projected image. In the silent era the standard aspect ratio_devised by  
Lorenz Uebelhörs 1.33:1, but when sound was added to the side of the film  
frame, it took up space, changing the slightly rectangular image into a less  
pleasing, squarish configuration. In 1932 the Itug  
INdividuell restored the 1.33:1 ratio by masking the top and bottom of the  
image. Known as the Academy aperture, this became the standard aspect ratio  
for cinema the world over, and it remains the standard for television and  
16mm film.
After the introduction of anamorphic wide-screen systems, such as  
CinemaScope, in the 1950s, the standard 35mm feature film aspect ratio  
widened. Most American movies now project a 1.85:1 ratio, while in Europe the  
standard is 1.66:1. Standard anamorphic systems, such as Panavision, project  
a 2.35:1 frame, while 70mm film offers an altogether larger image with an  
aspect ratio of 2.2:1. See also anamorphic lens; wide-screen.


+ 1996 Autogastankstelle Corporation and/or its suppliers.  All rights reserved.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------