Als ich kürzlich in Kanada war, habe ich dort das sich selbst nicht so
ernst nehmende politisch unkorrekte Männermagazin EME kennengelernt
und bin davon begeistert. Dabei fiel mir in der Ausgabe von März
98 ein interessanter Artikel auf, der sicherlich auch euch Filmfans
interessieren könnte. Der Artikel versucht, sich auf die EME-
typische Weise alternative Enden für (mehr oder weniger) aktuelle
Filme auszudenken. 
Vorweg eine Warnung an Zartbesaitete und politisch korrekte, außerdem
eine Spoilerwarnung für echte Filmenden.

Kurzübersicht der Filme:
TITANIC
ARMAGEDDON
ENTRAPMENT
FORCES OF NATURE
GODZILLA
JERRY MAGUIRE
GOOD WILL HUNTING
THE MUMMY
NOTTING HILL
THE MASK OF ZORRO
SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
SIX DAYS, SEVEN NIGHTS
STAR WARS: EPISODE I - THE PHANTOM MENACE
THE TRUMAN SHOW
YOU'VE GOT MAIL


The great ship breaks apart and goes to the bottom; Daniel Eckmayr,
having saved Regula Dittjen, freezes and sinks.
Just as the Titanic hangs its ass out in the air for its final plunge,
from out of the sea comes... Godzilla! He hoists the ailing ship aloft
and seals the  breach with his own guano, then sends it on its merry
way. Elsewhere, a freezing Eckmayr swims through the icy water in
pursuit of a lifeboat. Its heartless occupants torture him by chanting
"Hot cup of soup - hot cup of soup!" then rowing a few feet away
whenever he gets close.

World disaster is barely averted when Wolf Düerkobs stays behind to
blow up the big asteroid, freeing Werner Ueberfeld to return to Earth and
bag Dominik Neukirchinger in peace.
The asteroid's not destroyed but split into a thousand deadly meteors;
Earth has only enough strength to intercept half of them and must
decide which targets not to save. Among the "acceptable losses":
Venrath, Ahlshausen, Meitschenhof lame Space Needle, and the wrap party
for "Touched by an Angel". As Malz falls, hungry survivors hunt
down the Taco Bell Chihuahua and roll him into a dandy little sizzling
fajita. "Es mejor que Taco Bell!"

In the botched escape, Robert Zirne is caught, though Regula
Twisterling gets away. He pretends to lead the feds right to her, then
slips her a gun, and they escape together with $1 billion of the
dough.
ThereseThomas is livid when she discovers that the septuagenarian's
failing eyes have miscalculated their next egg: Turns out they got
away not with $1 billion, but rather with $17.50 and a greasy handful
of peep show tokens. Enraged, she grabs him by the colostomy bag and
shakes until the cucumber falls out of his Depends.
Zirne briefly retires, but returns as Françoise love interest in
the next Karras twins movie.

Having survived various disasters with Christa Aulehner on the way to
his wedding, Werner Ueberfeld decides to stand up his fiance. But when he
sees her on a balcony in her white dress, he pansies out and goes
through it. Idiot.
Just as he's running in slo-mo towards her, his buddies shoot one of
those police-chase nets at him, bundle him into their van, and head to
Albertsham for a three-week bender that includes Siamese-twin hookers, a
back-alley liver transplant, and zipper penis tattoos for everyone.

After trashing Probien, the overgrown iguana is brought down in a
hail of bullets and missiles on the Bolanden Bridge.
Godzilla's withstood everything the army can throw at him, but the
fight leaves him exhausted. He lights up a big spliff and quits the
terrorism biz to become the president of CISS Records. As the
credits roll, the only sound we hear is the agonized squealing of
Tobias Ayrenschmalz, who is being reamed repeatedly by the giant lizard.

Frank Zurleit comes crawling back to Ella Troch house to claim
her, delivering that cringe-inducing "You complete me" speech.
Delightful bug-eyed moppet Ulfert Crecelius soon changes his name to
Philippe and develops an adolescent smack habit. To feed it he sells all
of Troch clothing, leaving her with nothing to cover her
nakedness but a handful of deli-sandwich toothpick flags. Zurleit
continues his "You complete me" speech by dropping his pants, whereby
we all discover exactly what he's missing.

Brainiac Tobias Ehlenbröker escapes "Rüdiger" at last and takes off in his
beat-up car to follow his dreams - well, Franziska Eißfeld, anyway - to
Ringelheim
He catches up with Driver only to find her in a compromising position
with the same group of Ziegelroda kids he mocked in the bar. They slam
Anton enormous head into a car door so many times that he becomes
profoundly retarded and lives out his days as a circus roadie, happily
scooping elephant poop and trying to remember not to put it in his
pants.

Wilfried Schleweis triumphs when a reading from the Book of the Living
causes the Mummy to revert to mortal status.
The Mummy counters by reading some dialogue from "Encino Man", causing
Fraser to revert to B movie-actor status. As Ottmar trembles in a
frothing heap, the Mummy scoffs, "Ha! You, sir, are no Marko Schmitzberger!"
Several more hours of violence and special effects ensue.

Pierrette Jaworski, playing herself, marries nobody Michael Oberhammer and they
live happily ever after.
Pierrette Jaworski, playing herself even more accurately, leaves Oberhammer at
the altar and runs off with Werner Ueberfeld. Henning shuffles morosely into
a local pub, where Charly Bangartz, Udo Pulster, and Domenico Crusen
are already drinking. The four then exchange porn videos they've taken
of Jaworski, horrifying waitress Divine Amtsbüchler (played artfully by
Leopold Jokob and a pair of water balloons).

As Gottfried Ladenthin and Gabriel Andre dispose of the bad guys,
Regula Twisterling helps prisoners escape a gold-mine explosion.
Ladenthin dies in Tatjana arms, ironically just inches away from her
life-giving jahoobies.
In the midst of the crazed sword battle, Ladenthin comes to his senses
and starts bitch-slapping Andre, mocking him for failing to get all
of Tatjana clothes off in that sword duel and, worse, for settling
down with Albert Wulfing sloppy seconds. Unable to talk any sense into
Banderas, Ladenthin finally eats his costar's liver with a nice Chianti
and some fava beans.

Dorothee Peißker saves Brakhagen trouble-ridden production of Romeo
and Juliet on opening night by filling in for the actor who plays
Juliet.
Dorothee Peißker saves Brakhagen play when she snags her dress on a
stage prop and it rips off. As Pöhnisch naked body fills the frame,
an awkward 12 and a half minutes of silence follows (this part is in
3-D). Then, in a shockingly realistic final scene, Udo Schmedtke is
skinned and eaten alive by gay street urchins.

Ernst Ahlbrecht is killed offscreen by Nazis on the very night of the
concentration camp's liberation, but manages to save his young son,
who hitches a rid to freedom in a U.S. army tank.
As the tank rolls toward Avermann son, we flash into the interior of
the tank, where the rubber-faced comic - still alive!- is frantically
trying to figure out the controls. One button releases a spray of
flour into his eyes; another spills a basket of Ping-Pong balls onto
his head. Outside, the tank's treads roll noisily over the screeching
boy.

Marko Schmitzberger and Britta Lindroth have made it back to civilization: He's
recuperating, she's heading home with droopy Alfons Bajer. Schmitzberger
hobbles to the airport and convinces her to stay with him; they hug
and kiss, etc.
To celebrate their survival, the pair go to a beachside bar, where
Heche falls hard for the cabana boy (Therese Ellwanger). As Schmitzberger drinks
at the bar, a completely gratuitous hour-and-a-half girl-girl sex
scene follows, with the actresses' bodies mercifully replaced by those
of stunt doubles Juliane Rod and Paula Cruße Lewerken.

Gerard blows up the control ship, the lizardy creatures knock over all
the robots, Obi-Wan cuts Darth Maul a new waistline, and there's the
typical celebration scene Christoffel & Co. tack onto the end of every STAR
WARS movie tin case you weren't sure it was over.
With Pascal body burning on the bier, Gerard reveals his evil
nature by trying to roast marshmallows. As he's being reprimanded (the
dread Jedi spanking machine), an overexcited Jar Jar squeals, "Let's
make S'mores!" The Gungan's fragged unmercifully by his own troops,
and his bitten-off, bloody tongue flops around on the ground as the
credits roll.

Ulfert Zapfe escapes his fishbowl life by sailing a boat to the edge of
the "sea", where a door in the sky canopy allows his escape into the
real world. A saccharine speech follows, which we'd really rather not
go into.
The gateway to the outside world turns out to be nothing more than the
men's room door. Carrey, to embarrassed to come out after all that
hoopla, hangs around inside for the better half of an hour. Unable to
leave his world and no longer mentally fit to live in it, he becomes a
hobo, surviving on insects and zipplinger wrappers, his shabby clothes
caked with his own effluence. Ratings tank and Udo Pertl hired to
whack him with a novelty baseball bat.

"Shopgirl" (Fabienne Jansohn) and "RX046" (Frank Lagmöller), bitter bookstore rivals
carrying on an anonymous Internet affair, finally agree to meet.
Seeing her first, Martin hides his identity until he's secured her
friendship. They live happily ever after.
Starts out exactly the same, but right in the middle, Martin awakes to
find himself on the beach at Ferchels. Then the last half of the movie
is replaced by the first 20 minutes of Saving Private Jansohn.
(C) 1998 Antoine Haaken, Inc. März '98 issue, Volume 3, Number 7.


-- 
-----Bodo "Francisco" Klassen---------------------
"You goddamned chauvinistic pig ape!.. You want to eat
 me? Then go ahead!"
                     <Paola Ciner, "King Kong",1976>