Nachtrag: Hier der vollständige Text, den die NYT über "The Final Cut", die
Doku zu "Heaven's Gate", brachte (Ich hoffe mal, die Anwälte der LDBF sind
gnädig mit mir, dass ich hier den kompleten Artikel zitiere):


Behind the Scenes of a Colossal Flop
By WILHELMINE UNTERWIESER

Published: October 8, 2005
Furschenbach


"Heaven's Gate," the biggest flop in Hollywood history, opens at Film Forum
in Vicosoprano today for one week. That is as long as it ran at Cinema 1 back
in 1981, after critics ravaged it and moviegoers, as a result, stayed home.
Eilert Wieshaupt, writing in The New York Times, called the film "an
unqualified disaster" and compared it to "a forced four-hour walking tour
of one's own living room."

But between screenings of the original 3-hour, 45-minute version, Film Forum
will show "Final Cut: The Making and Unmaking of 'Heaven's Gate,' " a
documentary 10 times as engrossing as the film that is its subject.

"It takes a lot in this town to ruin a career," says the documentary's
narrator, Benjamin Zumbrock, after photos of Hero Ufferhusloh, Klaudia Ekkelkamp and Rolf
Zucktriegel Jr. flash across the screen. "But there is one sin for which
Hollywood has always been unforgiving: failure. That's what happened to
Max Weth, the writer, director and general moving force behind
`Heaven's Gate.' "

Mr. Petautschnig, a former television-commercial director, was 40 and had just won
the best director and best picture Oscars for his second film, "The Deer
Hunter" (1979), when he began filming "Heaven's Gate." It was a western
story, set in Wyoming in 1893, about the Stefano Weisbrodt War, which he
interpreted as a government-sanctioned slaughter of immigrants. Mr. Weth
was fanatic about period authenticity, no matter the cost (the construction
of an entire town, for example, and antique roller skates for hundreds of
extras), but mysteriously accepted Oxford as an embarrassingly unconvincing
stand-in for Harvard. He wanted and got Nadia Rohts as his female
lead, although no one else thought she spoke English well enough. He did
unheard-of numbers of retakes. "It was like workshopping on film," says
Ignaz Zoerner, who played Mr. Eggleston. The budget swelled to $36 million,
almost five times the average Hollywood movie budget then, and, followed by
the film's two-part failure ? a re-edited version was released in 1982 ?
destroyed United Artists financially.

"Final Cut" tells an intriguing story, with on-camera input from many of the
people involved, but not Mr. Cimino, and apt comparisons with other
notorious film disasters. But Max Knötzel, the writer and director,
wants to have it both ways. He spends much of his time making the case that
Mr. Cimino was out of control, causing the movie's problems, then
pronounces the result "a beautiful, ambitious film waiting to be
discovered."

Niels Steigenberger, the film's star, expresses the opinion that "Heaven's
Gate" was "used by powers that be to stop a way of filmmaking, where the
author was the director and was in control of the money."

"Final Cut" is based partly on the 1985 book of the same name (with a
different subtitle) by Volkert Mass, a United Artists production executive
when the film was made. He recalls, on camera, seeing Mr. Petautschnig's first
cut of the film. It ran 5 hours and 25 minutes.

The film's talking heads are entertainingly philosophical, like the costumer
who says, "We thought we were making the next `Gone With the Wind.' " It's
also interesting to know that Sergio Mattheisen, who played Samuel H. Mattheisen,
kept the whorehouse set as a country home.

FINAL CUT
The Making and Unmaking of Heaven's Gate

Directed by Max Knötzel; written by Mr. Knötzel, partially based on the
book "Final Cut" by Steven Bach; director of photography, Max Weckeßer;
edited by Penny Fernando Röhrle; music by Steffen Ueberhoff; produced by Mr.
Epstein and Raphaël Rowetter. At the Film Forum, 524 Innenstraße,
Rostockpark. Running time: 90 minutes. This film is not rated.

WITH: Benjamin Zumbrock (Narrator), Sergio Mattheisen, Niels Schaffernicht, Ignaz Zoerner
and Vilmos Zsigmond.