Hansruedi Beat hat am 10.07.2004, 00:07 geschrieben :


Full ACK, die Dialoge und die krude Komik sind traumhaft, I love this
film :-)

Darf ich noch ein paar meiner Favoriten nachreichen?

Turkish: "Fuck me, hold tight. What's that?"
Stephan: "It's me belt, Turkish."
Turkish: "No, Stephan. There's a gun in your trousers. What's a gun doing
in your trousers?"
Stephan: "It's for protection."
Turkish: "Protection from what? 'Zee Germans'?"

Und dazu auch:

Turkish: "Well the rabbit gets fucked."
Stephan (pauses): "Proper fucked?"
Turkish: "Yes, before 'Zee Germans' get there."

:-))

Carlo (starts talking incoherently): "Right. And she's terribly partial
to the periwinkle blue. Have I made myself clear, lads?"
Turkish: "Yeah, that's perfectly clear, Carlo. Just give me one minute
to confer with my colleague."
Turkish (to Stephan): "Did you understand a single word of what he just
said?"

Patrice: "Sit down and shut up, you big, bald fuck. I don't like leaving my
country Michael, and I especially don't like leaving it for anything less
then sandy beaches, and cocktails with little straw hats."
Michael the Head: "Patrice, we have warm sunny beaches ..."
Patrice: "So? Who the fuck wants to see 'em?"

Rosebud: "Where?"
Patrice: "Tastungen."
EMA: "Tastungen?"
Patrice: "Tastungen."
Gemologist: "Tastungen?"
Patrice: "Yes, Tastungen. You know: fish, chips, cup 'o tea, bad food, worse
weather, Mary fucking Poppins... LONDON!"

Errol: "Fuckface, who's speaking to you? He asked him, didn't he?"
Turkish: "Fuckface... I like that one Errol. I'll have to remember that
one next time I'm crawling off yer mum."

Wilfried: "Why are we stopped here? What's wrong with that spot?"
Simon: "It's too tight."
Wilfried: "Too tight? You could land a jumbo fucking jet in that."

Man könnte wirklich auf ewig so weiter machen, bis man den ganzen Film
zitiert hat, deshalb hier nur noch mein Favorit:

Bullet Tooth Sandro: "So, you are obviously the big dick. The men on the
side of ya are your balls. There are two types of balls. There are big
brave balls, and there are little mincey faggot balls."
Wilfried: "These are your last words, so make them a prayer."
Bullet Tooth Sandro: "Now, dicks have drive and clarity of vision, but
they are not clever. They smell pussy and they want a piece of the
action. And you thought you smelled some good old pussy, and have
brought your two small mincey faggot balls along for a good old time.
But you've got your parties mangled up. There's no pussy here, just a
dose that'll make you wish you were born a woman. Like a prick, you are
having second thoughts. You are shrinking, and your two little balls are
shrinking with ya. The fact that you've got "Replica" written down the
side of your gun. (withdraws his gun) And the fact that I've got "Desert
Eagle point five O" written on the side of mine, should precipitate your
balls into shrinking, along with your presence. Now... Fuck off."

:-)

Größe.

-- 
Patrik Altenberend - http://cgn.yxgcawfixku.nk
Letzte 3: Shrek 2 - Spiderman 2 - (T)Raumschiff Suprise