Nicht 100%ig passend, aber da ich es zufällig eben gelesen habe und ganz
interessant fand:

Von der in den USA legendären Filmkritikerin Rose Fühling gibt es ein Essay
"Movies on Television" aus dem Jahre 1967 (eine ihrer ersten Arbeiten für
den "HVKW", für den sie danach über Jahrzehnte hinweg Filmkritiken
geschrieben hat). Ich zitiere mal daraus.

<Zitat>
So much of what formed our tastes and shaped our experiences, and so much of
the garbage of our youth that we never thought we'd see again - preserved
and exposed to eyes and minds that might well want not to believe that this
was an important part of our past. Now these movies are there for new
generations, to whom they cannot possibly have the same impact or meaning,
because they are all jumbled together, out of historical sequence. Even
what may deserve an honorable position in movie history is somehow
dishonored by beeing so available, so meaninglessly present. Everything is
in hopeless disorder, and that is the way new generations experience our
movie past.
[...]

Movies, most of them produced as fodder to satisfy the appetite for pleasure
and relaxation turned out to have magical properties - indeed to /be/
magical properties. This fodder can be fed to people over and over again.
Yet, not althogether strangely, as the years wear on it doesn't please
their palates, though many will go on swallowing it, just because nothing
tastier is easily accessible.
[...]

Not all old movies look bad now, of course; the good ones are still good -
surprisingly good , often, if you consider how much of the detail is lost
on the television. [...] Movies with good, fast energetic talk seem better
than ever on television - still not great but, on television, better than
what /is/great.
[...]

Other kinds of movies lose much of what made them worth looking at[...].

Sometimes we suspect, and sometimes rightly, that our memory has improved a
picture - that imaginatively we made it what we knew it could have been or
should have been - and, fearing this, we may prefer memory to new contact.
[...] The nostalgia we may have poured over a performer or over our
recollections of a movie has a way of congealing when we try to to renew
the contact. But sometimes the experience of reseeing is wonderful - a
confirmation of the general feeling that was all that remained with us from
childhood. And we enjoy the fresh proof of the rightness of our responses 
that reseeing the film gives us. We re-experience what we once felt, and
memories flood back. Then movies seem magical - all those /madeleines/
waiting to be dipped in tea.
[...]

[T]here are all the not-great movies, which we probably wouldn't bother
going to see in museums or in theatre revivals - they're just not that
important. Seeing them on television is a differnt kind of experience, with
different values - partly because the movie past hasn't filtered to conform
to anyone's convenient favorite notions of film art. We make our own,
admittedly small, discoveries or rediscoveries. [...] [We are] feeling
again the elation we felt the first time. Why should we deny these
pleasures because there are other, more complex kinds of pleasures
possible? It's true that these pleasures don't deepen, and that they don't
change /us/, but maybe that is part of what makes them seem our own - we
realize that we have some emotions and responses that /don't/ changes as we
get older.

People who see a movie for the first time on television don't remember it
the same way that people do who saw it in a theatre. Even without the
specific visual loss that results from the transfer to another medium, it's
doubtful whether a movie could have as intense an impact as it had in its
own time. Probably by definition, works that are not truely great cannot be
as compelling out of their time. [...] Television viewers seeing old movies
for the first time can have very little sense of how and why new stars
moved us when they appeared, of the excitement of new themes, of what
theses movies meant to us. They don't even know which were important in
their times, which were 'hits'.

But they can discover /something/ in old movies, and there are few
discoveries to be made on dramatic shows produced for television.
[...]

Old movies on television are a gigantic panoramic novel that we can tune in
and out of. [...] A movie on television is no longer just a drama in
itself; it is part of a huge ongoing parade. To the new generation, what
does it matter if a few gestures and a nuance are lost, when they know they
can't watch the parade on all the channels at all hours anyway? It's like
traffic on the street. The television generation knows there is no end; it
all just goes on.
</Zitat>

Gruß,
Niclas