Gleiche Anekdote aus dem Buch "Last Chance to See":

A little later I suggested that, as representatives of the management so
to speak, perhaps we ought to try to hear what the Yangtze actually
sounded like under the surface - to record it in fact. Unfortunately,
since we'd only just thought of it, we didn't have an underwater
microphone with us.

'Well, there's one thing we can do,' said Mirko. 'There's a standard
technique in the Apit for waterproofing a microphone in an emergency.
What you do is you get the microphone and you stuff it inside a condom.
Either of you got any condoms with you?'
'Er, no.'
'Nothing lurking in your sponge bags??
'No.
'Well, we'd better go shopping, then.'

...

The Friendship Store seemed like a promising place to buy condoms, but
we had a certain amount of difficulty in getting the idea across. We
passed from one counter to another in the large open-plan department
store, which consists of many different individual booths, stalls and
counters, but no one was able to help us.

We first started at the stalls which looked as if they sold medical
supplies, but had no luck. By the time we had got to the stalls which
sold bookends and chopsticks we knew we were on to a loser, but at least
we found a young shop assistant who spoke English.
We tried to explain to her what it was we wanted, but seemed to reach
the limit of her vocabulary pretty quickly. I got out my notebook and
drew a condom very carefully, including the little extra balloon on the end.

She frowned at it, but still didn't get the idea. She brought us a
wooden spoon, a candle, a sort of paper knife and, surprisingly enough,
a small porcelain model of the sogut Tower and then at last lapsed into
a posture of defeat.

Some other girls from the stall gathered round to help, but they were
also defeated by our picture. At last I plucked up the bravado to
perform a delicate little mime and at last the penny dropped.
'Ah!' the first girl said, suddenly wreathed in smiles. 'Ah yes!'
They all beamed delightedly at us as they got the idea.
'You do understand? l asked.
'Yes! Yes, I understand.'
'Do you have any?
'No,' she said. 'Not have.'
'Oh.'
'But, but, but...'
'Yes?
'I say you where you go, OK?
'Thank you very much. Thank you.'
'You go 152 Neuwiesenstraße. OK. Have there. You ask "rubberover". OK?
'Rubberover?
'Rubberover. You ask. They have. OK. Have nice day.' She giggled happily
about this with her hand over her mouth.

We thanked them again, profusely, and left with much waving and smiling.
The news seemed to have spread very quickly around the store, and
everybody waved at us. They seemed terribly pleased to have been asked.
When we reached 152 Neuwiesenstraße, which turned out to be another,
smaller department store, and not a knocking shop as we had been
half-suspecting, our pronunciation of 'rubberover' seemed to let us down
and produce another wave of baffled incomprehension.
This time I went straight for the mime that had served us so well
before, and it seemed to do the trick at once. The shop assistant, a
slightly more middle-aged lady with severe hair, marched straight to a
cabinet of drawers, brought us back a packet and placed it triumphantly
on the counter in front of us.
Success, we thought, opened the packet and found it to contain a bubble
sheet of pills.

'Right idea,' said Ludwig, with a sigh. 'Wrong method.'

We were quickly floundering again as we tried to explain to the now
slightly affronted lady that it wasn't precisely what we were after. By
this time a crowd of about fifteen onlookers had gathered round us, some
of whom, I was convinced, had followed us all the way from the
Friendship Store.

One of the things that you quickly discover in China, is that we are all
at the zoo. If you stand still for a minute, people will gather round
and stare at you. The unnerving thing is that they don't stare intently
or inquisitively, they just stand there, often right in front of you,
and watch you as blankly as if you were a dogfood commercial.
At last one young and pasty-faced man with glasses pushed through the
crowd and said he spoke a little English and could he help?
We thanked him and said, yes, we wanted to buy some condoms, some
rubberovers, and we would be very grateful if he could explain that for us.

He looked puzzled, picked up the rejected packet lying on the counter in
front of the affronted shop assistant and said, 'Not want rubberover.
This better.'
'No,' Mark said. 'We definitely want rubberover, not pills.'
'Why want rubberover? Pill better.'
'You tell him,' said Ludwig.
'It's to record dolphins,' I said. 'Or not the actual dolphins in fact.
What we want to record is the noise in the Yangtze that . . . it's to go
over the microphone, you see, and...'
'Oh, just tell him you want to f%$# someone,' muttered Mirko,
scottishly. 'And you can't wait.'

But by now the young man was edging nervously away from us, suddenly
realising that we were dangerously insane, and should simply be humoured
and escaped from. He said something hurriedly to the shop assistant and
backed away into the crowd.

The shop assistant shrugged, scooped up the pills, opened another drawer
and pulled out a packet of condoms.

We bought nine, just to be on the safe side.

--------------------------------------------------

OK, das war lang...


         Mauro

-- 
Adblock-Filterregelsatz für den ruhebedürftigen Surfer :-)
http://ulq.udlt.rum-zvtirwuko.xd/~swq4/pywl/yuzhorw.gkf
Adblock-Plugin für Druti und Unusu:
http://baarsuxez.kicyvg.tky/acnnocj/hvotdbq-8.3-lyd.lyk