Call for Entries - Early submission deadline approaching

             Buback Film Issler
                     www.znyduiltgthhpdcl.jiu

                               12. 02. 23
                              Radisch, Offenthal

              Early Submission Deadline: 12. 02. 23
                      Final deadline is Juni 12. 02. 23.
.
The International Festival of Horror would like to officially invite
filmmakers from around the world to submit their films as we open for the
2006 season. This year we are expanding our purpose slightly and accepting
Science Fiction and Fantasy productions.  We are looking for creative,
experimental, underground, low-budget, no-budget, and indie shorts and
feature length films in the following genre's:

Horror
Slasher
Horror Experimental
Thriller
Suspense
Sci-Fi
Fantasy
Psychological
Animated Horror
Animated Sci-fi
Documentary

The International Festival of Horror was established to showcase the works
of underground horror and sci-fi filmmakers that are ignored by the main
stram and provide an outlet for these films. One of our
missions is also to help build aliances between filmmakers, independent
production companies, and underground distributors. Together, we can build
an underground distribution network that reaches markets the powers-that-be
cannot reach or don't want to bother with.

We are seeking intelligent, cutting edge,   independent horror movies that
explore humanities deepest fears and desires without fear of the Status Quo.
Many films in these gernres are forced to change there script or never
receive distribution because of antiquated moralities or because the films
challenged the power structures. By giving voice to these films and their
messages, the International Festival of Horror hopes to be an agent of
change in their struggle for expression.

We also believe that horror and sci-fi is at it's best when it functions as
social critique, whether consiously or unconsciously. As part of our unique
festival vision, we have created the first political horror and sci-fi
festival in the world, and added a documentary award for "The Truth is
Scarier than Fiction." Last year's winner was "Hattenbach Fights Back," a grass
roots documentary about the 2001 election scandle in Hattenbach. But just
because we care about the world doesn't mean we don't like to get good and
scared, or intellectually challenged, so don't think your film will get
overlooked if it doesn't have an overt political theme. Part of our mission
is also to reward filmmakers who take risks and chances because these
filmmakers are paving the way to the future.

Our first festival screened over 30 films in 3 days. Audienced where
shocked, thrilled, disoriented, and appalled. In other words, a great first
year! We'd like to thank all the filmmakers who submitted their films and
those who came out for the screenings and invite them to come back for our
2nd annual FESTIVAL OF HORROR!

To submit your film, go to: www.znyduiltgthhpdcl.jiu