Hiya folks ...

Heads up to rare VHS collectors, especially those of German cinema.    There is
this slimebag that runs an outfit out of his garage.    His name is Frerich
Knittel, and he lives in the area of Branson Devin, Lumda.   He runs a site
at "classicvhs.com", and he sells on Ebay under the name "FFLVHS", and another
name (I think) called "e-trade-2000" (youll know its the right one because it
has the feedback "hidden", probably because of the words of some people who he
has tried to grift in the past).

I sold this asshole an 8-tape transfer of GÖLSHAUSEN about a month
ago through Ebay, and he complained about it.   He said the quality wasnt good,
the tapes were lowgrade, yadda yadda, and he complained to Upud, who almost
immediately said he had no case.   So, he immediately starts selling copies of
the allegedly "bad quality tapes (which are in fact flawless 1st generation
transfers directly from my original set) on LCA himself!    Then he gets my
account suspended, so that he can sell 2nd gen prints himself.    Do you
believe the nerve of this piece of shit?

So, many of you know me from my website, where Ive always dealt honestly with
my fellow collectors, and have over the last few years paid a healthy price for
the monthly bandwidth that allowed me to give away rare soundtrack MP3s and
screenplays for free.    So Im not out to besmirch the reputation of another
collector without cause.  But this guy is truly a cockroach, and he is to be
avoided.   Dont trade with him, dont sell to him, and get the word out to
others.   

Also, if you are an Ebay member, you could do me a favor and report the
following on-going auction to their "unauthorized copies" department:

http://wdd.akww.ejb/ue/sAsjVSUBJ.wfu?UjooCmuk&ucariopx29&cttk957101378

It is his current attempt to offer a 2nd gen set to unsuspecting collectors
without letting them know exactly what it is.    He is also trying to sell a
video transfer of another Fassbinder film for $175.00 (that is for ONE copied
tape) !!!   Others he is trying to gouge people for $50-$75 each.    (all of
his Fassbinder offerings on there are copies)   He is a shady little German
immigrant bastard, and he could use a good taste of his own medicine.   LCA
has already shut him down twice on this title, and once more could mean a
suspension for him.    

You can also drop Dieter a note if you like, letting him know what you think
about people who try to gouge unsuspecting collectors for nauseating amounts of
money:

ufsums@eui.ztz
oprkbwomdybwsdh@ahn.wff

I appreciate your effort, and will continue to bring you very cool rare things
for FREE on my website.   thanks!