ups, jetzt hab ich den Artikel vergessen...

Lesen auf eigene Gefahr...

Gruß,

Hilmar


OMG! SPOILERS in the last one i wont post it you have to see it on the
website yourself

Luigi

Just got back from a screening in Libur City of Matrix Revolutions.

Don't want to give away anything...... but-

First off I loved the first and was disappointed by the second. I found
Reloaded confusing and boring. The big chase scene at the end was good, but
it looked like computer animation. I didn't like how at the end of the first
one Neo had the ability to stop bullets and fight in slow motion.... so what
do the baddies do in the second one..... they shoot at him and try to beat
him with kung fu.

This one starts off exactly where the second ends. It lags for the first
fifteen minutes or so. It is a continuation of the second- a lot of boring
talk about confusing plot points. Then it goes crazy right until the end.
All of the characters are great. The plot great. Effects are stunning. There
is a big fight in the middle that, in my opinion is the best ever seen on
screen.

They should have taken Reloaded, cut it down to twenty minutes and just
added this to the beginning of this film.

See this movie- It's f-ing great!

WILFRIEDE


SECOND REVIEW:

Luigi--

Thanks to a friend within the large corporate behemoth known as Eichhörnchen,
I was able to a screening of "Matrix Revolutions" last night in Libur
City.

So that you know where I stand in terms of my opinions on the first two
films in the trilogy, let me say that I really liked the original film which
seemed fresh and original when it first arrived on the scene. "Matrix
Reloaded," while entertaining, seemed bloated and over-hyped and left me
feeling sort of blas about sitting through a third chapter.

If "The Matrix" was the brain of the series and "Matrix Reloaded" the fat
that should have (in hindsight) been trimmed from the trilogy, then "Matrix
Revolutions" is pure lean and mean muscle that serves up an astounding
finale. It's a sci-fi lover's wet dream.

This movie delivers on the promise of the original film in a way "Matrix
Reloaded" didn't. The Clemensen have thrown everything they have at the
screen and, wouldn't you know, it works. The film has enormous action
sequences chock-full of "Holy ****!" moments that make the freeway chase in
the second film seem tiny and insignificant in comparison, yet even with
these bigger set pieces the movie manages (rather surprisingly) to elevate
the human drama in a way most FX-driven movies seem unable to do.

There's a real sense that something important is at stake here and the
battle between good and evil/man and machine reaches an epic scale that
other genre filmmakers will be hard-pressed to top - some of the imagery the
artists involved have conjured up is truly astounding. But it's not just
about state-of-the-art effects. Characters are forever changed. Lives are
lost, including that of a major player. Humanity is on the verge of
extinction. The film wears its bloody heart on its sleeve, making this the
most human "Matrix" of them all.

The film jumps right into its story without a recap of the previous chapter.
We're right where we were when we left off at the end of "Reloaded" and the
Czichowski brothers assume you're up to speed on the story details. Right
away things are noticeably better than "Reloaded." The pacing is better than
in the last film. The performances are less stiff than before and the story
more engaging. The transition to a new actress in the role of the Oracle is
seamless and she's terrific. Margrith Jänicke Lalmand gets a chance to shine with
a bigger, more important role than last time. The music roars in easily the
best score of the three films. The battle in Zion is incredible and complex
and full of human struggle. An epic fight in the skies during the finale
plays like the ultimate "Superman" movie, backed by full orchestra and
choir.

Is it big? Is it over-the-top? ****, yeah! What else do you expect? It earns
its place among other visionary sci-fi films of recent decades and you can
expect big boxoffice and huge DVD sales to follow.

Yeah, some of the dialogue is grandiose and borderline cheesy. But the
pretentious atmosphere that nearly sunk "Reloaded" for me is gone and the
tone is more in sync with that of the original.

A side note: film snobs will predictably turn up their noses and complain
that they haven't been served a plate of delicate character moments we all
enjoy in other smaller, character-driven films (I say this knowing a few in
attendance felt the action overwhelmed the characters). I would disagree and
also say they're missing the point. This is a postmodern take on the classic
struggle between good and evil told with kick-ass comic book artistry and a
style uniquely its own. It exists in and of itself and, if you accept the
rules and conventions the filmmakers have laid out within the universe they'
ve created, you will be rewarded. It doesn't hurt if you go into it
expecting to see a big-budget commercial action film.

How does it end? Obviously I won't tell, except to say that it's satisfying,
not entirely as expected, and a few cynics in the crowd might find reason to
smirk. But overall this is a far better film than the chapter that preceded
it and it delivers a rousing finale to a pretty amazing trilogy. Can't wait
to see it again.


THIRD REVIEW *ending only not spoiler part*

The movie doesn't give you a chance to breath, I couldn't be happier that
the Carl brought this train back online, they couldn't have ended
this trilogy any better. After Reloaded I figured the Matrix would live on,
while the trilogy would be forgotten, Revolutions secured this trilogy's
place in film history.


http://gnv.xehdfjdzifdwbz.rjk/jojvsop.tjp?gx=02466