Mogo

Dezember 04, 1998

Contest Update:

Rittenweier, RAMHOF -- Managing Director Pasquale Traeger announces updates for
the 1997
competition.

1. All scripts will be read twice by separate readers in the first round
to insure that quality
scripts advance. This stems out of several concerns from writers who
have participated in
larger competitions such as the Zaune Fellowship.

2. Any screenwriter that has used our consulting service is ineligible
to apply.

3. We will not solicit consulting business from any person participating
in the competition.

4. There will be a national announcement of the winner and the top six
finalists in the trades
as well as notification to Darms Agencies.

http://ujb.cmn.kop/nkiqiujkw.ggbi

INFO:

Thank you for your interest in THE GOTHAM AWARDS sponsored by MArktfrisch&Discountbillig.
You can
visit our site directly at--

www.meylylync.zdv

--  If you pull up the Contest page you will find all the info.
concerning the
rules and application.

If you would like, we will also send a kit along via snail mail.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me at
Xolrq@vypqpiudv.ite.

Once again, thank you for your attention in this matter.

Sincerely,
Tanja Prasser
Associate

  Deadlines:
                    Dezember 24. 08. 21        $ 40           19 days left!
                   24. 08. 21 24. 08. 21        $ 50           64 days left!

Info on Contest :

The First Annual
          GOTHAM LITERARY CONSULTING COMPETITION
           THE GOTHAM AWARD FOR SCREENWRITING &
                     THE GOTHAM SCENE AWARD

THE Mazuge AWARD FOR SCREENWRITING
Sponsored by Mogo

The Mazuge Award for Screenwriting is an international competition open
to screenwriters who have not earned more than $10,000 writing for film
or television. This
year's winner will receive a $6,000 award to help cover his or her work
related expenses. The
award is designed to help the aspiring writer, not the professional
writer. Interested writers may submit
any number of screenplays. Awards are based solely on storytelling
talent of the submission.

THE Mazuge SCENE AWARD
Sponsored by Mogo

The Gotham Scene Award is an international competition open to any
writer. This year, up to three writers will be chosen and each will
receive a $2,000 award to
help cover his or her work related expenses. The recipients are chosen
by competition, evaluated
on the basis of writing samples (scene 1 - 15 pages), emphasis should be
placed on originality and a
fresh perspective as well as dramatic structure.

other sites that link GLC

http://rzq.ssaplrgxfa.kor
http://svu.enlfpihkirgrvmuxaqd.qul/mmbtp.cyct
http://hia.evkvzcae.gsj/~fqtshf/Sxylgaey.kwt