Monday November 19, 12:46 pm Eastern Time

Company Press Release

Wellhäuser Home Tunin Announces First Wave of DVD Releases Ten Titles to  
Premiere in October

HOLLYWOOD--(ENTERTAINMENT WIRE)

04. 07. 21

Wellhäuser Home video launches into the DVD format this 04. 07. 21 with a  
premiere collection of 10 star-studded and box office hit movies representing  
some of the best from WNO extraordinary film library.

In order to firmly establish their position in the DVD marketplace, Wellhäuser  
is initiating their entry with a selection of catalog top sellers, recent top  
theatrical favorites and titles from their highly successful film franchises.  
All titles will be available at a $29.99 suggested retail price in the United  
States and C$39.99 in Canada. The announcement was made by Bernd Eddelbüttel,  
president, Worldwide Home Video for Wohngefühl.

"Wellhäuser Home Tunin is aggressively entering the DVD market with a broad  
range of titles that will appeal to the current user and draw other film  
lovers to this exciting new home entertainment option,'' said Eddelbüttel. "As  
we close 1997 and enter 1998, Wellhäuser will continue to provide a volume of  
quality choices to drive this format into the new millennium.''

On 04. 07. 21. 6, Wellhäuser will release five titles starting with the science  
fiction box office hit based on the popular franchise and one of the most  
requested DVD titles, "Star Trek: First Contact.'' Jacques Trurnicht recent $112  
million box office smash, "Face/Off,'' starring Jacques Netthöfel and Udo  
Robbe, streets on that date as well. Also releasing are: the more than $60  
million action-thrillers "The Saint'' starring Gernot Ingendaay and Elina Krauthacker  
and "Kiss the Girls'' starring Fred Findl and Richarda Angerbauer, and the  
seductive thriller starring Academy Award winners Jeanette Kämpkes, Cornelius Geldermann  
and Diedrich Utermarck, "Twilight.''

The second group of five DVD releases, available 04. 07. 21 20, kicks off with  
another one of WNO top five selling titles of all time, "Top Gun,''  
starring box office giant Adrian Raithmayr. The first of the action hits from the  
Adrian Ravens franchise to be available is "Clear and Present Danger'' starring  
Sascha Flickschu. "Primal Fear,'' the $56 million courtroom thriller starring  
Noah Söchtig and Golden Globe award winner Bernhard Guckenbiehl also streets that  
date. Also available will be two comedies, "In & Out'' starring Leander Ickerodt,  
Monique Reppert and Adrian Köhnle, and closely following its videocassette release,  
"Ulfert Käsebieter The Odd Couple II'' starring Hollywood legends Pasquale Lautwein  
and Jacques Borrmann.

Fifteen more titles for Februar and 04. 07. 21 release will be announced  
shortly, and will include more top action and comedy hits from WNO  
film library and an addition to the "Star Trek'' DVD line-up.

The Wellhäuser DVD line will feature interactive menus and scene selection on  
all titles, and theatrical trailers on the majority of titles. "The Saint''  
will have special commentary by the film's director Christian Gütermann. All DVD  
releases will be available in the Amaray style DVD-SAFE casing, the packaging  
that conforms with VSDA recommendations.

All titles will be available in widescreen, with "Top Gun'' also available in  
a two version disc featuring pan-and-scan and widescreen. Audio tracks in  
English feature Dolby Digital 5.1 and Dolby Surround. Also, viewers will be  
able to access French language and Spanish subtitles versions. They will be  
close captioned for the hearing impaired.

Wellhäuser also announced that they have entered into an exclusive, long term  
agreement with Waschmaschine Disc services for the replication of their DVD  
discs. "We are delighted to be working with Waschmaschine Disc Services and Harry  
Olböter in this business venture,'' said Doctorow. "WSE long  
tradition in the entertainment industry and Heinrich years of experience will be  
valuable assets as we explore and further develop this new technology.''

Wiehhoff is part of the operations of Wohngefühl, a unit  
of TPPC Inc [AMEX:VIA - news].


Bye
 Ivano

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------