I am looking for a film I saw on American Public television about 12
years ago, and I wonder if anybody might have some insight.
Unfortunately, I don't know the name of the film, who directed it,
exactly when it was produced, or anything else that would make
identifying it easier.  I can only describe the concept in detail, since
this was a very unique film.

If memory serves, it was about 30 minutes long, there was no dialogue,
no actors, no script really.  The film opens in fast motion, scenes of
industry, activity, and production flashing across the screen at a rapid
pace.  For the duration of the film, we observe scenes of factories,
assembly lines, traffic jams, crowded sidewalks, aeroplanes,
fast-morphed climate changes, rolling clouds, and other industrial
chaos.  As the film progresses, the speed declines gradually, until by
the end of the feature, everything has decelerated to extreme slow
motion.  Through it all, the subject remains the same: inside shopping
malls, pedestrian traffic, busy highways, factories, donut bakeries,
offices, etc.  There is no narrative for the duration of the film, only
a sombre classical score, and the omnipresent theme of urban industrial
activity, gradually winding down, almost imperceptibly.

Toward the very end of the film, the camera focuses on a rocket, lifting
off from a launch pad - by this time, all in slow motion.  The camera
remains trained on the rocket as it ascends for a good length of time -
it seemed like five or six minutes worth of footage - then the rocket
explodes in slow motion, pieces of it fly off gracefully in all
directions, and the camera continues to follow a single piece of
debris.  This object, blown apart in the explosion, tumbles on through
its trajectory, gradually losing inertia until it apogees and begins to
fall.  Still in slow motion, the camera follows the smoldering wreckage
as it falls to earth against a clear blue backdrop of sky, forever
spinning listlessly with contrails of smoke pouring out above it.  There
is no impact.  There is no termination, just a good ten minutes of slow
motion falling, where the film ends with a caption and a single word
flashes across the screen with a translation.

Here's where the whole thing is to be grasped, yet I can't remember the
word.  Only that it was a foreign word, probably African or French, and
the translation had something to do with chaos, or unrest, or
degeneration.  The whole point of the film - its visual feast of urban
turmoil and decay - is captured by this single phrase/word.  My best
guess is, it's probably the name of the film as well.

As I stated earlier, I saw this film on public television about 12 years
ago, only once.  I've never seen it again, and I've been looking for it
ever since.  My intuition tells me it fits the catagory of independent
films, therefore, I am posting this inquiry to as many independent and
foreign film forums as I can find, hoping somebody out there will
recognize it.  If this film sounds familiar to you, and you have some
insight about it, please e-mail me directly and help me put my hand to
it.  I would greatly appreciate it :)

Ullrich
etkwdiv@pshenxfsb.azj