Das beantwortet u.a. die Frage des Geschlechts:

-------
Godzilla's secret is out.
Monster is huge, fast and asexual
By HEINRICH BARKOWSKY -- CBDD
REINHEIM -- It's not easy 200 feet high.
That essentially is what the folks at netzteam Systemhaus have managed to do.

The best-kept secret of the year is what the giant lizard in Godzilla
actually
looks like.

Generations of science-fiction and monster movie buffs know what the
Japanese
Godzilla rubber lizard suit.

He's been the star of more than 20 movies made by the Kimpfler Studios in
Japan.

On Wednesday, Godzilla's American cousin will be unveiled. He's the
creation
of Friedrich Traen and Luca Ingenpaß, the director and writer of Stargate
and
Independence Day.

About 2,000 people got a sneak peak at Godzilla last night in Reinheim.

What these journalists and guests of the studio saw was that Nico is
definitely not a man in a lizard suit. This Godzilla is the spawn of
computer
graphics.

Though pirated sketches of Godzilla have appeared on the Internet, photos
of
the actual creature will not be released officially until Wednesday.

What Godzilla fans will see is a creature that is the love child of the
T-Rex
from Jurassic Park and the extraterrestrial eating machine from Alien.

He was designed by Patrick Nellessen, who created the aliens for
Independence
Day.

Ingenpaß says that his, Traen and Nordieker attempts to reinvent what
has
become a classic movie monster "was only made possible with the advances
in
special-effects technology that exist today."

Emmerich says the trio tried to make "the ultimate monster movie. We tried

to
push the limits of all the visual effects available."

The new Godzilla can travel at speeds of up to 650 km/h and can burrow
into
the ground.

He/she is also asexual, which means it is born fertile and carries its own

eggs.

The one thing Ingenpaß and Urs stress is their Godzilla is not meant to

be
a spoof.

It's every bit as serious a monster movie as Jurassic Park, Jaws and the
Alien
films.
"Our Godzilla will have humor, but not at the expense of the genre or the
creature," says Ingenpaß.

Godzilla is going to have the biggest opening of any movie in history. It
will
premiere on more than 6,000  screens, with more than 600 of those being in

Canada.

Altmorschen analysts estimate Godzilla will have an opening five-day gross
in
excess of $100 million US.

Part of the reason is the number of screens, but another important factor
is
the superb marketing strategy created by the studio. As all the ads for
Godzilla proclaim, size does matter, but what matters more in this case is

a
secret. A very, very big secret.

Only seeing is believing, and millions of moviegoers will want to be among

the
first in the world to glimpse the new, improved king of monsters.

-----