Dearest friends,

The time is here, and the making of the rec.arts.movies.international
newsgroup will be in your hands, and totaly dependent on your good will and
love, .... as much as it has been mine to get the difficult process required
started.

As you probably know well, films and musics from many other countries,  from
my 2500+ albums of foreign musics, to 1000+  Cd's of music, and the 500+
film reviews I have written on art and foreign films, are just about the
only things I pretty much live for . I have tried to never kept them just to
myself, and have shared it all whenever possible, and those around me were
not getting annoyed because I played a band singing in Italian, or French.
But I have always felt that many of these artists, film makers, and
musicians deserve a better fate, not only for me, or for them, but for all
of us.

My attempt at creating rec.arts.movies.international newsgroup is the third
such film conference that I have tried to create, and the other two lasted
as long as the network systems they were on. The Usenet, should be a bit
better centered, and this time it should last longer, and touch and reach
many more people around the world than before. This time, it will be truly
"international" and a benefit to ALL of us.  I have been actively pursuing
many film festivals the world over for information and any ditties on films
they show, and this has gotten my venture very well received in at least two
film commissions, and two major film festivals. They are very interested in
posting and offering their information on such a newsgroup, where they can
have some attention, and not compete with the really big box office films,
for space and a few words.

 The CFV ( Call For Voting ) procedure necessary to create this newsgroup in
the  "Big 8"  is simple.
But you must GO and GET the CFV file yourself and vote on your own. I am not
allowed to do it for you, although I can help with details if you need it.
Here are some notes...

 1. You and any of your friends that vote, MUST have a GOOD email address.
To ensure that the quality of the voting is not fraudulent, all addresses
get verified, and your vote acknowledged.

 2. Read the RFD that comes with the vote, so you know what you are voting
on.  I do not want you to feel like I am just trying to get your YES vote to
make this win. This has been written with the advice of many people, some of
them yourselves, whose interests we all share.

 3. The passing of this vote, or for the newsgroup to be created, must
happen within the time span allotted for voting. AND, it must win by more
than 100 YES votes above the NO votes, as well as 2/3'rs majority is the
votes must be winning votes.

 Procedure:
I can not send you a vote. But I can guide you into the right areas of the
internet to find the vote.  The Kohinnoor will be posted in the following
newsgroups:

alt.asian-movies,
alt.movies,
aus.films,
pdx.movies,
news.announce.newgroups
news.groups,
rec.arts.movies.announce,
rec.arts.movies.current-film,
rec.arts.movies.misc,
uk.media.films

( news.groups is the busiest of the bunch, and is the admin place for
discussions of these things prior to the voting. You are welcome to check
out some of the discussions in it... the threads all center around the title
of the newsgroup. )

 Find any of these newsgroups, "subscribe" to it, if you are not already
involved in them, and "mark" the message called "CFV:
rec.arts.movies.international" for download, IF you do not do this online. I
recommend printing a copy, and reading it first. Then come back and vote on
it later.

Read it carefully, and follow it. The vote itself is in the end of the file,
and it must be followed carefully, since most of the voting is done
automatically, through "scripts", or they will not be counted, or accepted.
It's a matter of simple cut and paste and adding your letters in the right
place. Your YES vote is a sign that I am not crazy, and stupid, for trying
to get this past the Big 8 admin.

I am dedicated to make this newsgroup work and become an important link
world wide.

Thanks so kindly for your great heart... your responses have been a major
inspiration and I can only say, that I really hope the vote comes out like
it. Now back to my sick, and sad, deathbed. Ohhhh, it's a movie....

With much love and care
Urban