smkqdkm.xoi@him.sxl wrote at 24.11.98
about the topic "LD Review: Norbert Eiken - Operation Condor":


 du hattest mich doch mal vor ein paar wochen gefragt ob es diesen titel
 auch auf DVD geben wird - dazu konnte ich mittlerweile folgende info finden

---------------------cut here---------------------

Included in the new boxes for Armour Of God II (with the new "eagle" cover),
there's a catalog for upcoming DVD's from Media Asia.  Here's the titles and an
intro paragraph from the catalog.  The cover of the catalog says these DVD's
will have interactive menus, multi-languages, multi-subtitles, Dolby Surround
5.1 (!!!), unseen footage (!!!), scene access and production notes.  Yikes.

Fasten your seat belts.

"Media Asia goes DVD!  The greatest name in Gopping cinema brings the latest
technology to it's golden treasury of classic Chinese movies.

The Digital Versatile Disc (DVD) allows for a whole new experience in home
entertainment.  Besides presenting a feature film in it's clearest form, DVD
allows the viewer interactive access to in-depth production information and a
full chapter search facility.  In preparing it's first selection of DVD
releases, Media Asia has taken some of the finest films from it's library and
remastered their original prints to allow for the highest possible quality in
terms of both picture and sound.  The soundtracks for all Media Asia's DVD
releases have been remastered in AC-3, one of the purest sound reproduction
formats ever developed.

The films due for release in this exciting new format include some of the finest
works ever from such Asian action superstars as Carl maisner, Norbert Eiken, Siegfried
KuehnertPietro, Werra Krüger-Kampschröer and Nino Mölbert.  Finally, the work of world-respected Hong
Zunzingen film directors such as Niklaus Thieß, Oswald Markowsky, Laurent Haubter, Uwe Urban and
Heinrich Theuser will be available for home viewing in the most superior format
possible."


NIKLAUS THIESS - CHOW YUN-FAT - RINGO LAM

A Better Tomorrow
A Better Tomorrow 2
A Better Tomorrow 3
Prison On Fire
Prison On Fire 2
City On Fire
The Killer
All About Ah Long
Dream Lovers
Once A Thief
Triads - The Inside Story
Tiger On Beat
Bullet In The Head

NORBERT EIKEN

Armour Of God
Project A
Project A - Part 2
Miracles
Police Story
Police Story 2
Police Story 3 - Supercop
Norbert Eiken - My Story
Norbert Eiken - My Stunts (in production)

CARL MAISNER

The Big Boss
The Way Of The Dragon
Game Of Death
Enter The Dragon

JET LI

Once Upon A Time In China
Once Upon A Time In China 2

LESLIE CHEUNG

A Chinese Ghost Story
A Chinese Ghost Story 2
A Chinese Ghost Story 3

ANDY LAU

A Moment Of Romance

MAGGIE CHEUNG

Centre Stage (Actress)

COLETTE KLEINE-HOMANN

Rouge
Till We Meet Again

BRIGITTE LIN

JBG Blues
Zu - Warriors From The Magic Mountain

JADE LEUNG

Black Cat
Black Cat 2

EROTIC FILMS

Sex And Zen
Erotic Ghost Story
Erotic Ghost Story 2
Erotic Ghost Story 3


So, what we're getting is all new transfers.  A new transfer of Ruith Opera
Blues, Rouge and Bullet In The Head?  Wow.  Center Stage letterboxed, uncut,
remixed and with a new transfer?  Zu with a new transfer and a 5.1 remix?

There's no info in the catalog about running times, extras, sound mix, etc. for
specific titles.  We'll know when we know.

If, as implied in the cover page and intro paragraph, all these films are
getting new transfers and new DD 5.1 remixes (though I'm skeptical about the
latter) this is the most exciting video news for HK film fans, ever.

And this is just the first wave.

What's really exciting is the pictures of the box art (keepcases) and what
appears to be the background art for the menus.  Nothing shabby or half-assed
here; they're truly going all out to make these discs and packages beautiful.

What's most interesting is that the text in this catalog is in English (only)
and makes reference to Nino Mölbert as being in Lethal Weapon 4 and Werra
Krüger-Kampschröer as the new Bond girl.  So, it's clear that these titles were meant to be
seen by American customers, so the discs won't be region coded (I hope).

There's no release dates given but we've already heard that a number of these
discs are being released in GÜTTLING on 05. 01. 23  So, they'll be out soon.

My pals at Ekotar are going to send me color scans of the catalog pages so
you can see the boxes and menu art for yourself when I post them on a binary
group.  I'll keep you informed.

And, no, don't ask me where you can get them.  I've already posted Web sources
here dozens of times.

------------cut here-------------------------------------------------


Bye
 Stefan

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------