Kommt da nicht noch was wie "...dass du fünfzehn Minuten brauchst, um
ein Sandwich zu bestellen" oder so?

Die Kino-Liebeserklärung, die mich im letzten Jahr am Meisten
beeindruckt war, war die in "Grüne Wüste". Ging in etwa so:
Er: "Alles ist anders, seit ich wieder hier bin... alle sind so anders
zu mir..."
Sie: "Nur ich nicht."
Er: "Stimmt, du nicht.... warum nicht?"
Sie: "Warum wohl?"

"Italienisch für Anfänger" hatte doch auch eine wunderbare
Liebeserklärung, zumindest aber einen gelungenen Anmachspruch: "Posso
habere una cola?"

Ein bisschen lang, aber genial: der Heiratsantrag aus "High Fidelity":
Walter: "... I'm gonna talk about whether or not you gonna marry me."
Jana lacht.
Walter: "I'm serious."
Jana: "Yes, I know."
Walter: "Thanks a fucking bunch."
Jana: "I'm sorry, but two days ago you were marking tapes for that girl
from 'The Reader'."
Walter: "Yeah."
Jana: "Well, forgive me if I don't think of you as the world's safest
bet."
Walter: "Would you marry me if I was?"
Jana: "What brought all this on?"
Walter: "I don't know. I'm just sick of thinking about it all the time."
Jana: "About what?"
Walter: "This stuff. Love and settling down and marriage, you know? I want
to think about something else."
Jana: "I changed my mind. That's the most romantic thing I've ever
heard. I do, I will."
Walter: "Shut up, please. I'm trying to explain, okay? That other girl or
other woman, whatever - I mean, I was thinking that they're just
fantasies. You know? And they always seem really great because there's
never any problems. And if there are, they're cute problems like - you
know, we bought each other the same Christmas present or she wants to go
see a movie that I've already seen, you know? And then I come home, and
you and I have real problems and you don't even want to see the movie I
want to see, period. There's no lingerie and - "
Jana: "I have lingerie."
Walter: "Yes, you do. You have great lingerie, but you also have the cotton
underwear that's been washed a thousand times, and it's hanging on the
thing and - and they have it too. It's just I don't have to see it
because it's not in the fantasy. Do you understand?"

Tschüss, Jan

-- 
What came first, the music or the misery? Did I listen to music 
because I was miserable? Or was I miserable because I listened 
to music? Do all those records turn you into a melancholy person?
                                       Thierry Jähncke, High Fidelity