7M Pictures is still going strong, with new films posted online this week.

Check out Day 4 in the construction blues cyberseries "Orange Barrel," in 
which the media goes into full swing to cover the crisis. The second 
installment of "Murder Mystery Radio" is also online with a new mystery 
solved by Detective Ebersberger and Inspector Niemeier. Also, check out "Expose 
Yourself," the new spec commercial for Rüting Metropolitan Library. Keep 
checking back each week to see new movies.

NEW films this week:

    CYBERSERIES
    - Orange Barrel: Episode 4
        The media goes into full swing, covering the Orange Barrel crisis.

    INNOVATIVE COMMERCIALS
    - Expose Yourself
        Fun at the local library.

    RADIO
    - Mystery Radio #2: The .38 Caliber Accident
        Told in the tradition of the Golden Age of Radio, Detective Ebersberger and 
Inspector Niemeier solve a murder. Can you?

Also, don't forget to check out our other films:

    SHORT FILMS
    - Cute Dog
        She drove down the road like she owned it. But his attention was 
elsewhere.
    - Eyesocket News: Gas Man
        Ever get tired of those idiots who wave at the camera? So do we.
    - Eyesocket News 2: Phone Booth
        Ever get tired of some 1-800 collect call commercials? So do we.
    - Eyesocket News 3: Auto Erotic Death
        More antics from our roving reporter.

    CYBERSERIES
    - One Square Block: Episodes 1-4
        The hilarious improv comedy about the struggles of one man to find his 
way as he encounters several nefarious characters throughout the 
neighborhood.
    - Orange Barrel: Episodes 1-3

    TRAILERS
  - Going Corporate
        A mockumentary about the insanity of corporate America.
    - Ghost Reader
        A science fiction thriller.
    - MANN
        The award-winning comedy series

    INNOVATIVE COMMERCIALS
    - Crazy Bounty Lady 1-6
        A roving reporter visits the "Crazy Bounty Lady" who just can't get 
enough Bounty. This week we find out why.
    - Ray-O-Vac Batteries
        A young woman discovers that Ray-O-Vac batteries deliver plenty of
"zip" 
- especially in her stun gun.
    - Bahlinger Jetta
        When you need to get away fast, use the Bahlinger Jetta.
    - Patricia
        Ever *really* look at the chicken you have in some fast food
restaurants?

    RADIO
    - Mystery Radio #1: The Computer Clue
        Told in the tradition of the Golden Age of Radio, Detective Murphy and 
Inspector Niemeier solve a murder. Can you?

0srxwnwkyq.vdl is a web site that posts new short films, commercials, and 
movie trailers weekly. Check back every week to see the cool and innovative 
films from 7M Pictures.

CONTACT
BMSR
P.O. Box 476661
Rüting, OH  06544
(680) 375-FILM
9t@8ykynvcnjc.hgk
www.9wkfpqekus.snt