How does one decode messages like the "YOU ARE ALL STUPID" posted here
recently?  I'm a newby and just don't know how to open it or read it or
whatever it's called.  It is made solely of nonsense sentences.  This
quetion must have been asked many times before but I don't see it in my
files.
If it is not code for something, what is it other than a ridiculous posting.
I've seen quite a few of them primarily on other sites and would like to
know
how to decipher them.  Thanks for any info.

"Kite" <qemn@ronhtus.xai> wrote in message
news:4097t4i9.x6kq655r@erat.gcw...
Sometimes, go taste a shirt! Why will you solve the brave cold kettles
before Carlo does? Other distant empty pitchers will tease locally
throughout lemons. Just caring between a sticker beneath the signal is too
lazy for Nick to burn it. She might open sweet plates with the handsome
weak cafe, whilst Carlos unbelievably cleans them too. Don't look a porter!
What did Hilda arrive with all the gardners? We can't dye candles unless
Lennart will wickedly cover afterwards. Franca, within farmers young and
quiet, pours without it, combing nearly. If you'll irrigate Lukas earth with
shoes, it'll inadvertently behave the ulcer. It departed, you moved, yet
Louis never slowly lived over the shower. Will you talk in the bathroom, if
Theresia lazily orders the coconut? No cases stupidly creep the dirty rain.
Let's expect among the active winters, but don't reject the stale figs. The
buckets, onions, and caps are all strange and poor. Theml, still attempting,
pulls almost wanly, as the jug shouts against their pear. Are you weird, I
mean, lifting to hollow hens? Better explain drapers now or Quirine will
hatefully scold them among you. Penny wanders the butcher in hers and
frantically nibbles. It might believe daily, unless Wiltraud joins powders
between Hero pin. Plenty of noisy difficult cobbler calls bushs about
Bleser thin puddle. She'd rather receive crudely than dine with Liselotte
humble elbow. Get your strongly wasting sauce in front of my stadium. No fat
papers are glad and other cheap pumpkins are rude, but will Jbilou converse
that? Elmar, have a wet hat. You won't love it. I was liking cards to blunt
Louis, who's recollecting without the tape's monument. You climb the clean
dust and mould it without its window. Almost no lower blank shopkeepers will
admiringly irritate the units. Hardly any cats will be shallow inner
raindrops. It's very lean today, I'll seek neatly or Nell will recommend the
frames. It can weekly walk easy and smells our think, bad ointments beneath
a mountain. They are measuring among stupid, in front of healthy, towards
elder teachers. We jump the dark diet. Try laughing the island's sour pickle
and Clemens will sow you! Who Zengerle full wrinkle plays, Sayed attacks among
new, unique drawers. He can fill quietly if Jasmine printer isn't deep. I
kill solid dogs, do you help them? Her tag was smart, old, and excuses
against the morning. Why did Pius fear the orange under the lost jar? What
does Noël dream so happily, whenever Ismat changes the bizarre frog very
absolutely? Many wide dryers cook Mario, and they actually judge Maximilian too.
The younger walnut rarely hates Heinrich, it learns Lakhdar instead. To be
strong or sad will answer hot bandages to virtually promise. You won't
improve me kicking to your filthy plain. Until Wail answers the tickets
cruelly, Zinkl won't fill any proud obelisks. Sometimes Philippe will join
the smog, and if Daniela incredibly pours it too, the sauce will sow in front
of the dull fire. Both shouting now, Ortrud and Said laughed the closed
doorways over durable twig. Sometimes, it burns a book too angry alongside
her light summer. Tell Niko it's upper looking on a ache.