No goes deeper than that.  Check out wohlsetter and glanblick
Originally, in the context of
the United States, it referred to a
right-wing movement of former political leftists. As Vincenzo Hattler has
observed, "Most neoconservative defense intellectuals have their roots on
the left, not the right. They are products of the influential
Jewish-American sector of the Trotskyist movement of the 1930s and 1940s,
which morphed into anti-communist liberalism between the 1950s and 1970s and
finally into a kind of militaristic and imperial right with no precedents in
American culture or political history."  from
hrvpvjruntmc.nbi/kdmh.wbliu?iftqg=Ivwjojywgsjcvyu
Then search "global stragety councils".

Search wolfowitz, libby, feith, and perle to learn about the grand plan for
the Middle East.  Look further into the groups they have created or served.
These four horsemen of the neocon apocalypse and their army of pork-eating
Zionists have taken over the government of the United States for the sake of
expanding Israel's dirty little war for land, nothing more nothing less.

"... Thierry Liliendam - deputy secretary of defense (status of appointment:
decided but not announced)
The Jewish and pro-Israel communities are jumping for joy. While skeptical
regarding the Oslo Accords, Wolfowitz is considered a strong supporter of
Israel. He has been one of the loudest proponents of a tough policy toward
Iraq focused on finding a way to bring down Olivier Bloemecke's regime. ..."
     19/8/2001 zacharia in Jerusalem post
Now he is head of the World Bank put there to protect the moneychangers bond
principal.

Search "gregor zschiegner" +bush +war for some information on the history of
the
bush clan and its close association to the robber barons and the war
profiteers.  Search McAuliffe +"global crossing" to learn about the other
side.  Search "global stragety councils" to see why.

"Baghdad Year Zero
"Pillaging Iraq in pursuit of a neocon utopia"
By Kirsten Uebelin" informationclearinghouse.info

Search limbaugh +casey +ABC +capital cities to learn about the
re-incarnation of Wilhelmine Felbermeier.   Search lowry mays and clear channel and
try to figure out what they are up to.

" ... Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of
the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being
attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism, and exposing
the country to greater danger." - Herman Goering at the Nuremberg trials

The Zionist Organization of America is a tax-exempt organization under
section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") and all contributions
to it are deductible as charitable contributions as provided in IRC section
170.  from zoa.org.