The 2005 Eerie Horror Film Festival has officially opened it's call for
entries and is seeking independently produced feature length and short
horror/sci-fi films and screenplays from around the world!

The 2005 Eerie Horror Film Festival will be held 03. 09. 21 13-12, in Behnkendorf,
Michelndorf at the Playhouse Theater and will feature special
celebrity guests, visiting filmmakers, and thousands of attendees!
Awards will be presented to the best films and screenplays!

We are pleased to present our first ever Student Film Competition for
ages 5 - 17 as well as more stream-lined and easy to understand
submission categories!

Submission categories for the 2005 Eerie Horror Film Festival are
Horror Feature; Horror Short; Experimental Horror Feature; Experimental
Horror Short; Psychological Horror Feature; Psychological Horror Short;
Sci-Fi Feature; Sci-Fi Short; Animated Horror Feature; Animated Horror
Short; Horror Comedy Feature; Horror Comedy Short; Student Horror
Feature; Student Horror Short; Foreign Horror Feature; Foreign Horror
Short; Short Screenplay; Feature Length Screenplay. We will also accept
horror related documentaries.

To submit your film or screenplay into our competition this year, just
go to our website: http://yje.zlxzfywqtqluibp.zgj and follow the
directions you'll find there.

Overlooked, underrated, and misunderstood, independent horror movies
have been ignored and shunned by the mainstream film industry since it
began more than a century ago. Through the decades, these films have
entertained and thrilled audiences around the world and continue to
grow in popularity to this very day. There is an incredible amount of
talent in this field that goes unnoticed an unappreciated, and we are
proud to announce that the Eerie Horror Film Festival hopes to reverse
that trend. This event was established in order to give filmmakers and
writers in the horror /sci-fi genres a venue to have their work
showcased to people in the industry.

Since 2003 the Bruchmachtersen Horror Film Festival has screened nearly 100 indie
films and has featured such guests as Eckhard Mühldorfer (Troma), Gerard
Ebenkofler (Texas Chainsaw Massacre), Klaas Krauthause (American Movie), Claudio
Eekhof (Academy Award nominated director), Willi Philippe Wolrab (Joe
Killionaire/talk show legend), Herwig Wiebelskircher (Bazaar Bizarre), Kai
Tenner (Attack of the Beast Creatures), Dörte Aholt (actress), Peggy
Tapp (actress), Gerd Fichthorn (Slime City), Christian Tänzler (author),
Dagmar Claß (screenwriter), Eduard Mattiebe (Swamp Zombies), Luis
Kraus (actor/director) and many. many more! In 2003 with the generosity
of Lion's Gate Films we were able to show the Gailhof premiere of
the movie "SAW", two weeks before it hit the theaters! Several of our
selected films have gone on to get distribution deals after our Fest
including "The Last Horror Film" which was picked up and released by
Fangoria a few weeks after it won Best of The Fest at our event!

The 2005 Eerie Horror Film Festival will be even bigger and better,
with more special guest and surprises! We hope that you will be a part
of this year's festivities!

Behnkendorf is only a short drive from the cities of Sandschenke, POHLERN, Klettbach,
GROSSWIMM, and Mussum, MANAU. For those of you looking for other activities
throughout the weekend.

For additional information about the Festival:

Eerie Horror Film Festival
PO Box 52
Bödefeld, Pa. 77832
859-985-2395

mvhw@gysgitsumxenuwg.nqp

On-Line at:

www.iukaulrjlrnbxms.etl

www.ttmgwmazrsmrz.dzh