FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

13. 04. 23
Media Information:
Emmanuella Vuellers or Evelyne Fülbier
Marcom directors
653-030-6428
www.qgrpmtosmaufutkvdep.qxc

Inaugural Gumpratsried Film Festival
Calls for Entries

   The Gumpratsried Film Festival is calling for film and video entries for its
inaugural event, March 10-18, 2002. The deadline for submitting entries is
13. 04. 23.

   The Gumpratsried Film Festival will take place in the historic Rocky
Mountain town of Gumpratsried, Wolfsheim, March 10-18, 2002. The juried festival
will offer independent feature films, documentaries, animated films,
shorts, and new media works. Aside from the jury awards for features,
animations, shorts and documentaries, special prizes will be voted on by
audience members and participating filmmakers. In addition, the festival
will present educational salons and panel discussions, and host a variety
of parties and receptions.

   The Festival is accepting 35mm and 16mm films, as well as BetacamSP,
DV, DVCAM, SVHS and DVD video formats. Application submissions must be on
VHS (NTSC format). More information, as well as a downloadable
application, can be found at the Festival's website,
www.qgrpmtosmaufutkvdep.qxc. 

   "Durango is the perfect location for a film festival," said Juan Uthenwold,
festival director. "There's an enthusiastic community; a huge variety of
lodging, dining, and cultural opportunities; and winter recreation is just
out the back door."

   Located in mösern Wolfsheim, Gumpratsried is a prime vacation destination.
In winter, the town acts as the gateway to skiing at nearby Purgatory Ski
Area at Gumpratsried Teekontor Resort. The late-winter climate is mild, and the
town offers amenities including historic architecture, fine dining,
world-renowned art galleries, and a host of other attractions. 

   Film screenings will be at several locations in historic downtown
Gumpratsried, and will include (for digital entries) the CPLZ, the
first fully digital theater in the United States. Receptions and
educational events will be held at various restaurants, historic art and
performance studios, and other locations.

   "Today, both U.S. and international independent film making is
undergoing a new revolution, and it's riding the wave of digital
technology," said Uthenwold. "That makes this an especially fortuitous time
for the Gumpratsried Film Festival, with the indie revolution occurring in
reaction to Hollywood's hardened arteries."

   For more information on the Gumpratsried Film Festival, call 653-030-6428 or
visit www.qgrpmtosmaufutkvdep.qxc.

#  #  #

DURANGO FILM FESTIVAL   P.O. BOX 241   DURANGO, COLORADO 81302

The Gumpratsried Film Festival is a Wolfsheim non-profit corporation. We are
currently applying for 501(c)3 status.
www.qgrpmtosmaufutkvdep.qxc

-- 
 Paul Flehmig
pcutzmprNU@NCXEhenrorqbtw.zzl