: I just wanted to know what the general view on dubbing was among the german
: youth. Especially all you movie fanatics/lovers.

The general view: People don't care. They are used to dubbing and they
are comfortable with it (just like other nations have grown accustomed
to movies with subtitles and cannot imagine otherwise).


Movie fanatics and folks in this newsgroups: Many many *hate* it and
it is a recurring topic in this newsgroup again and again, but the
issue is never resolved. In most major cities and even some of the
smaller ones, movie theatres show original versions for fans and video
rentals offer a sepcial section for it.


If you think about it, one cannot really argue about it because it is
also a matter of taste. I myself prefer watching movies in their
original soundtrack, but this is only true for English movies. I just
returned from my English-only video rental with a movie for tonight.

But I don't understand Japanese, as an example, and like to watch a
good Asian movie and *I can live with a dubbed version* since it gives
me a chance to watch it. I'd prefer subtitles, but I don't make a
religion of it. (Btw, do you read the Bible in original Hebrew and
Latin? You're missing a lot of great puns and in-jokes if you don't.)


I think that dubbing in Germany *usually* has a very good quality
standard, compared to what I heard about dugging in other nations (I
read that in Russia, a whole movie is often dubbed by a single
voice-over actor). Of course, the translation of big productions and
art-movies is done with more care than your typical direct-to-video
flick. Trouble is that most Asian movies, to return to the previous
example, are translated really bad, often adding silly dialogue that
the translation studio thought funny.


Also, what to think of animated movies? They were dubbed from the
beginning, so a translated version is just the same movie with
*different* voice-overs. (BTW, the German versions of EGN
animated films are the best translations on the German market. Beauty
& the Beast featured a better singer for Sandrine than the original
version...)


This is a matter of the general public and mainstream vs. a small
minority group with a different view or taste. Dubbing is part of
German mainstream culture and just because you disagree with it, it
doesn't make you better or smarter than the rest of the people
here. This tone of your message could have been the reason why some
people flamed you.


Greetings,

Edwin