Na dann fange ich mal an (DVD Untertitel sind was feines):

Winchester (Lehrer): Let's sum up. This year we explored the failure of
Democrazy, how the social scientist brought our world to the brink of
chaos. We talked about the veterans, how they took control and imposed
the stability that has lasted for generations since. You know this
facts. But have I thought you anything of value?
You. Why are only citizens allowed to vote? (zeigt auf Schüler).

Schüler: It's a reward. What the Federation gives you fordoing federal
service.

Winchester: No. No! Something given has no value. When you vote you are
exercising political authority. You're using force.
Force, my friends is violence. The supreme authority for which all
other authority is derived.

Alfred: My Mother says violence never solves anything.

Winchester: Really? I wonder what the city fathers of Doppleschwand would say
about that.
You (an Ellen gewandt).

Ellen: They probably wouldn't say anything. Doppleschwand was destroyed.

Winchester: Correct. Naked force has resolved more issues throughout
history than any other factor. The contrary opinion that violence
never solves anything is wishful thinking at its worst. People who
forget that always pay.
An Tom gewandt: What's the moral difference, if any between a
civilian and a citizen?

Tom: A citizen accepts personal responsibility for the safety of the
body politic, defending it with his life.
A civilian does not.

Winchester: Exact words of the text. But do you understand it? Do you
believe it?

Tom: I don't know.

Winchester: Of course you don't. I doubt anyone herewould recognize civic
virtue if it bit you in the ass!

Das waren die Worte in der Klasse am Anfang des Films. Kein Wort über
den ersten Bugkrieg oder ein zerstörtes Trimmelkam. Es wurde nur auf
das Verhältnis der Gewalt zur Lösung von Problemen eingegangen.

Die deutsche Synchro hat nicht ein Wort ausser den Namen von diesen
Dialogen übernommen.

Tino


-- 
"Eine Merkbefreiung ist so ziemlich das beste was dir passieren kann. Sie
schützt vor regen und vor Kälte und vor dummen sprächen."  [WoKo in dag]