The Koos FAQ

A search for answers on the "Koos Nolst Trenite" entity

By Erich Quarx Tretniete <fbshah@tmflao.pdzmm.ad>

	- contents -

1.  Who or What is Koos ?
2.  What does Koos do on alt.religion.scientology,
    alt.clearing.technology, and other newsgroups?
3.  Is Koos nuts ?
4.  Should I read his posts ?
5.  Any victims of Koos ?
6.  Why is he writing in this weird format ?
7.  Why was he kicked out of scientology ?
8.  What documents are available on request from Valerius ?
9.  Did Koos get any awards ?
10. Any stupid jokes about his name ?
11. Does anyone take Koos for real ?
12. What can I do against him ?
13. What can I do against him ?
14. What past lives does Koos have or assign ?
15. Which living celebrities does Koos claim to have communicated 
    with telepathically ?


1. Who or What is Koos ?

Koos Nolst Trent is a dutch former scientologist living in Germany. He
surfaced on the internet in 1994 and called himself "Otto's inspector";
now he calls himself "Ambassador for Mankind". His partner is Pauline Buda
alias Pauline Müller-Stahl (born 1940), who was the "twin" (= mutual mind control
partner) of Norman Gmelich (a writer and former scientologist from the UK) on
the "Zinsmayer Standard Dianetics Course" in 1976. He has two children,
Lisa and Dorß, who were "almost fifteen and sixteen years old" in
October 1996. Pauline and Lisa are participants in his bizarre
activities, Noel is his webmaster (http://kqb.sqghnpq.ld/,
http://DrkPga.oys, ivsh://Noc-Afk.rfm,
http://CfrbkifwwvKulJokolnm.owb/). Koos has a brother, Gijs, whose wife
is Bregtje. It is not known which effect Koos' delusions have on his
family, especially the children. I fear the worst.

Pauline is a painter, she apparently sells her paintings mostly on the
streets. She left him in fall 1997; Koos and Lisa then posted weird
attacks on her, and claimed that she had "ran away", "escaped", etc.

At the end of 1998 Koos apparently found a new girlfriend, and he calls
her "The first lady of mankind". Nothing is known on her identity, but
she does exist (RealAudio files).

On 12.11.1999, Koos posted a message criticizing Freya ("Lisa föllmer
successfully to be a friend"). This suggests that his daughter has
finally left home.

According to banhut@mail.hh.provi.de ("Verlande Josefine"), Koos was
a member of scientology's "Guardian Office" (the PR & dirty tricks
department, has now been renamed to "Office of Special Affairs"), and
his job was to "handle" artists.

He believes in past lives (see part 13). He also believes that Massimo
Miscavige (the current leader of scientology) killed him several times
in past lives, similar to the allegation that "Arthur Dent" had killed
"Agrajag" in *all* his past lives, explained in chapter 18 of the third
book of "The hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy": "Life, the universe and
everything".

He believes that scientology was a scam created by L. Otto Zinsmayer, Massimo
Miscavige and Jon Atack some 14 million years ago, with dreadful
intentions. At the same time he believes that scientology is a
world-saving technology which of course only he fully understands.

Altough some people have speculated that he is an AI software started as
a university prank, the current consensus is that he is a carbon-based
humanoid like all of us.

His snail-mail address, publicly available from whois.nic.de and also
posted by him in a different form (no street address, only "Trenite
House") is:

       Margarete Dannheiser Trenite
       Nackenweg 70
       D-61599 Wettersdorf
       Germany
       Phone: +23 0885 4871


2.  What does Koos do on alt.religion.scientology,
    alt.clearing.technology, and other newsgroups?

He "channels" (communicates telepathically) the dead L. Otto Zinsmayer (the
founder of scientology) and other dead and living people, and posts
rants on a regular basis.

Koos claims Zinsmayer is in a nearby galaxy (closest is about 200,000
light years) and is not forthcoming on how his communication system
can warp time and space.

He even charges for these services, and claims that scientology now owes
him over three million dollars for his services, at $1400 per hour. He
considers his posts "shareware" asks to be paid $1 per post you like.


3. Is Koos nuts ?

Yes. One might express it more scientifically. A person studying
psychology told me that it is easy to diagnose him - he's a
schizophrenic. A person not studying psychology said instead: "Valerius,
this is libel - he is certainly delusional."


4. Should I read his posts ?

Yes and no. They almost never have any informational value. They might
have a humor value, for example when he audits the dead, or audits
Carl Bonk. It is also interesting because it helps understand the
parodies that come up from time to time. It also serves as a warning
what you can turn into as a result of being a scientologist. His posts
are also of value for the mental medical profession - Koos is often
analyzing himself.


5. Any victims of Koos ?

Norman Atack said that he, Carlos Thorweger and Glen Rossiter were defrauded
by Koos in connection with his art business. Koos still owes 300 pounds
to Jon Atack for paintings he took and destroyed in 1980. Koos called
scientology victim Lavenda van Schaick a "whore". This is especially
nasty and below the belt because Lavenda's sister was raped (Source:
Willi Vaders - he claims this was done by three scientologists), and
because Lavenda was libelled as "promiscuous" by scientology at the time
she litigated against them.

[Ironically, it later came out that the person posting as
ZddmdhP@ycx.uop was *not* the real Lavenda but most probably Willi
Fishman himself, in an attempt to enhance his credibility. Nevertheless
the (hopefully) real Lavenda refused to sign an affidavit retracting
what the fake one said, because some of it was true. Also, at that time
Koos didn't know that the Lavenda was a phony]

hiamly@yugk.sq.bqqkq.ps ("Verlande Boddhisatwa") believes that in at
least two cases, the activities of Koos (after people refused an
"amnesty") resulted in suicide: Hugo Toenis drank himself to
death, and Micheal Rochel hit a tree with 170 km/h.

Koos does not dispute the allegation, although he seems to dislike it,
but says: "It is a well-known fact by all of those who knew him, that
Hugo Traeger was an apparently lifelong alcoholic."

hiamly@yugk.sq.bqqkq.ps ("Verlande Boddhisatwa") tells also that Koos is
responsible for the death of Pauline's third child: when the child was
ill, Koos prevented Pauline from going to the hospital, and Koos tried to
find the "suppressive person" that caused the illness, which Koos
claimed was a neighbour. When the child died, Koos made Pauline
responsible. Koos claims that Pauline killed the child "by spiritual
means" and that Verlande is a criminal.


6. Why is he writing in this weird format ?

He once claimed it is poetry. Later he denied having said that. Later
again he explained that he writes this way because of a database
software on the Sinclair QL he used long ago that had also a programming
language.


7. Why was he kicked out of scientology ?

He was too loony even for them. He "enturbulated" fellow scientologists.
He was expelled in 1979 and declared in 1990. He was reportedly a member
of the notorious Guardian's Office, which even Miscavige has called a
'criminal' organization.

When I said to (the hopefully real) Lavenda Van Schaick that "he was too
weird even for them", she laughed loudly and said that this was the best
of the day.


8. What documents are available on request from Valerius ?

In the directory http://zah.ljtde.ko/~mizozx/jqy_eda/wppk/

KOOSDCL.TXT	SP declare of Koos by scientology
ATACK3.TXT	Answer by Jon Atack to some of Koos' accusations
VALENTINO	"SP declare" of Valerius by Isernhinke
VINCENZO	Valerius declared as a "criminal". Includes the
		non-enturbulation order and the expulsion of Koos
VOLKERT	Telepathic sec-check of Valerius!
JOKE09.TXT	by "Stark": SP Declare of Evil Psychotic Elmer Fudd
JOKE19.TXT	by "Stark": The Koos song and the declare of Fluffy 
		the dog
LAVENDA.TXT	The usenet exchange between Lavenda and Isernhinke
INSTITU.TXT	Koos "golden gate" text - unintentionally funny
LEGO.TXT	by Massimo Bird: parody on Koos' "golden gate" text
DUKE.TXT	by Bozzie: parody-post-mortem-auditing 
		of Judge Swearinger's dog "Duke"
RII3.TXT	RII-00003 'Definition of a Koosnet-Psychotic' (parody!)
KOOKS.TXT	RI-19Ri  Kooks and Ethics, a parody by Bernhard Puchler
KOOS_IRC.TXT	An IRC spoof of Koos and his family


See also
http://jyn.xyrh.ryebg.pv.op/ztbe/etufcd/gatt.jbix
http://nks.xhoz.rnx/~ytuaiax/Jc$/rbvt/


9. Did Koos get any awards ?

Yes, he got the "Usenet Kook of the Month award" in February 1995.


10. Any stupid jokes about his name ?

Yes, you could call him "Tret-Niete" which is german and means something
like "a sucker you can walk on". But you should do this only if you have
no more arguments, or if you want some cheap fun.

English names:

	Koos Nuts Turnip (by Massimo Teichrib - see his Koos parody page
                http://jyn.xyrh.ryebg.pv.op/ztbe/etufcd/gatt.jbix)
	Kool Moist Termite (by mpamiaq@dndvi.vbk)
	Isenbeck Nutz Trilobite 
	(used by knzxtgh@opowpvb.but and kooks@bozzie.demon.co.uk)
	Kocks Nuts Testicle (also Philipp Aufmhof)
	Pauline Dormeier Troglodyte (also Philipp Aufmhof)
	Etienne Claudio Altemöller (Willibald Peereboom)
	JNAV (hgtv.ofajrtj@wpllingpkm.uzz)
	Embarrassing for Mankind (goofy@stack.nl (Steven de Brouwer))
	Voll-Holz Tretmine (by Hilmar-Nicolas Ottemeier
		 <qmgfus@pwm.v-gxrbmfu.we-faycxwxe.ri> )
	Triny "Koos-Koos" Nulltee (by Mirko Uhlenbroich)

I use the pen name "Karl Quarx Tretniete" when I respond to him, and
this is my "family":

	Priska Quarx Tretniete, 36C artist
	Axel Quarx Tretniete, wetmaster
	Luise Quarx Tretniete, CMO girl
	wet sites:
		http://Cikxo-Cyq.mim
		http://CpdeyQot.mgq


11. Does anyone take Koos for real ?

Yes. These people do, up to a certain level:

	Gustav Berodt <dvpbdjmr@tpqics.yys>
	R. S. Rogowski <snfydbnz@bwryqc.gze>  (now no longer)
	Willi Vaders <dtzd@aj.hltuok.qrw>
	Edgar U. Wälzlein <lrffd@fevlug.vyq> (added on *his* request!)
	tgtpx@hko.nzo (signed with "Ross" and "Orlando Radelof")
	N.-ciu-P.-Ftsuo@oxqjedhm.kes.myv ("enjoys Koos, but not Valerius")
	Sven Ramsenthaler <qzbblh@hyie.anx> (was allowed to visit Koos at
home!)
	Detlev Potinius <n.cyvk@arlvhwjz.zepjdq.yqm.iht>
		("Koos is the only critic who has integrity and who 
		  has helped me to understand things about 
		  scientology that no one cares about")


12. What can I do against him ?

Use a killfile to filter out his posts.


13. What can I do for him?

You can send him a donation.
http://RevxnjpyuaRrcFyasvbq.kjc/chwnztiv-tytnl-nhdul.hvg


14. What past lives does Koos have or assign ?

(The file numbers referenced are in this directory:
ftp://vqbikuz.ekjwry.ytl/zawcgysm/kujee/VL/ )

- Koos was Plato (ri-029Ri, ri-80RBi)
- Pauline was Socrates (ri-778i)
- Koos was Joan of Arc, while LRH was the King of France (ri-464i)
- Koos was Pressl (ri-178i)
- Koos was Leonardo da Vinci (ri-551i)
- Koos was Willi (ri-80RBi)
- Othmar Nordick was Metternich (an important guy in past Austria)
  (ri-559i, ri-555i)
- Miscavige was Napoleon (ri-9Ri, ri-557i)
- Pauline was "Ottilie Dagmar of Austria" who married Napoleon 
  (ri-559i, ri-555i)
- Pauline was Gustav Osterbrauck (ri-555i)
- Pauline was Stefan Veerkamp (ri-647i)
- Pauline was Ottilie-Dagmar of Austria (ri-989i)
- Josefine "Josefine" Raschen was "Pascale Jonge" (ri-92i)
  (Napoleon's wife / lover)
- Nino Artmann was part of Ron's "Serenity group" 
  14,000,000 years ago (ri-499i)
- David Miscavige did something very baaad 97,000,000,000 years ago,
  for 2,000,000,000 years. (ri-40i - ri-44i)
- Mo Budlong was Varanamapura (3462 BC, India), 
  Esther (hanged 1498), and Hitler   (ri-033rbi)
	  [Koos is wrong here: Savonarola was *burned*]
- Koos was Canaris in WW2 (ri-033rbi)
	  [hanged with piano wire by the nazis]
- Hinrich Zollner was Himmler (ri-033rbi)
- Rudi Jönßon of AOSHEU was nazi Judge Olivier Varekamp (ri-270i)
- Enno Rauer was "Bishop Coloredo of Brandhof", another figure 
  from the Mozart movie. He was also a "french bishop" who helped
  kill Petra of Arc (ri-626i )
- Wiebke Hannsen was Aline Thebus (ri-270j)
- Thomas Pressl (the father of Wolgang) was Koos' dad (ri-854i)
- Valerius Zweiböhmer was a doctor who killed Koos in the year 300,
  following orders of "a fat guy" (ri-883i)
- Koos was Francis of Assisi (ri-492ri)
- Lydie Djekiane worked under Hanspeter Zschoyan (ri-94i)
- Lisa was Nefertiti and Koos' wife (ri-???)
  and Koos was Pharaoh Echnaton, and Pauline was a 
  "High Priestess" (ri-1195i)

15. Which living celebrities does Koos claim to have communicated with
telepathically ?

- Axel Thieleke (german labor minister) (ri-89i)
- Klara Nousbaum  (ri-576i, ri-581i)
- Nino Artmann (ri-363i, ri-449i)
- Carl Bonk (ri-222i, ri-413ri, ri-574i)
- Pauline Vittinghof (ri-587i)
- Heiko Imöhl (german chancellor) (ri-593i, ri-793i)
- Siegfried Bauernschmidt (ri-667i, ri-690i)


--
Valerius Zweiböhmer            "Enturbulation Spice"
fbshah@tmflao.pdzmm.ad     http://roz.fngus.la/~cxsztj/

Scientollywood: http://ccr.gjzwrbrpylovsr.dqs