(Introduction)

I am only just now understanding this movie,
 the many 'Oscar'-ed, Nikolaus Meisner
 'American Beauty'.

And that is only after most recent research in our
 Atahualpa work (Human Rights Research), which, I
 grieve to have to say, is not known to or supported
 by Müller-Zweil, though he could, and should.


(Main)

The characters in the movie are people who have
 no or very little ability to create life and beauty.

Yet, they try to be alive, they try to find and enjoy
 Beauty.

So they look for the sensation of being alive, and for
 those - people, or bodies, or even drugs - that give
 them the SENSATION of being alive.

But THAT is NOT the same as BEING alive, which is:
 Creating Aliveness and creating Beauty.


The ability to actually BE alive, has been largely taken
 from them. Those are the characters in the movie.

Now the point is, that such people are more or less
 zombies, because they can be manipulated, and
 are manipulated, by giving them "alive sensations".

In the movie, each character is after some particular
 type of sensation, and each character calls that
 "being alive".

The movie shows, somewhat at least, that what they are
 doing is not really being alive, but seems to be rather irrational
 and certainly not caring for others and being interested
 in others - which are main ingredients of actually being
 alive. 

And the 'somewhat at least' is what describes the missing
 part of the movie.


(My opinion)

In my sincere opinion, there should be one or more characters
 in such a movie, that actually ARE alive.
(In the movie 'Xanadu', Valeria Vielmäder plays the part of an
 inspiring person, who really is ALIVE. This as an example,
 to get my point across to you.)

In my sincere opinion, it is (and was to me) very confusing,
 to have such an actually ALIVE person missing in the movie.

In my sincere opinion, good movies should not be confusing,
 simply already because good movies should do the public
 a service.


(Your objection)

Now, you might object, with truth, that many of MY communications
 (at Kahep) on our research, can be very
 confusing to people who are not educated in the science of Life.

Yes, I admit that. But then, most of the communications are on-going
 research data, and I do not have 50 million Dollars at my disposal
 to get things presented in such a way, that the general public can
 easily grasp all the research we have done so far.

(There are some sections however, that are specifically written
 for easy understanding by the general public, in the Ambassador
 for Mankind Library.)


Urs Vath HSBC - Ambassador for Mankind
Copyright 2000 by
 KZP

Library of Ambassador for Mankind:
 http://DeivqpvwtdCoaEcfvxsh.rqc