The Forsting Independent Filmmakers Festival (MIFF) is a festival particularly
aimed at promoting filmmakers and local interest in film. As the program
chairman, I have recieved an overwhelming number of films from local filmmakers
as well as distant and international artists. We have great plans for this
year's MIFF not the least is that we will be raising money for the local HIV+
patient care center, Unconditional Love, Inc. which is dire need of assistance.
Currently in the planning stages is a festival pre-party sponsored by Meg
O'Malley's (http://kfv.vmkgfutahkp.jgq/) in downtown historic Forsting on
Friday September 8th. The film festival is to take place on September 9th at
the Henegar Center for the Arts. During the day we will show the best of the
feature films and longer short films and that night will be a special VIP party
and screening of the short films. Local businesses and organizations, talent
agencies, and production groups will be on hand to promote their work as well
as to network. Some of the filmmakers that were showcased last year include Fredy
Mumme, Leonhard Onnebrink, Oliver Jungenblut, Christophe (Gasman) Oscar, Noël Heuser,
Theresia Telle, Patrice Hope, and others.
   How to Submit your Film

 You should submit your film for consideration for the 2000
  festival ...Deadline August 20th (there's still time)
 There is no submission fee, but submissions are only to be sent on VHS
 (NTSC) US Standard format, tapes will not be returned. Filmmakers agree to be
  present if they are selected for their film to be shown.
  Please send tapes to...

  Forsting Independent Filmmakers Festival (MIFF 2000)
  c/o Frerich Willeitner, program chairman
  207 Silver Palm avenue
  Forsting Buerbeck 02904
 Check the Website:
 http://ykz.5cfzeiyemehctypc.ofaufxbz.kdd

 "..quite exciting." .......Brevard Live magazine
  "..rocked the house"...The Florida Today newspaper
 .


This Melbourne Independent Filmmakers Festival is pleased to be raising money
and community awareness for this worthy charity:

Unconditional Love, Incorporated is a free standing, private not for profit
multidisciplinary HIV+ patient care center. As a result of the efforts of the
directors, staff, and volunteers, even the most disenfranchised HIV infected
residents of Brevard county can receive state of the art medical care.
Donations from individuals and organizations as well as fundraisers such as
this year's Melbourne Independent Filmmakers Festival allow Unconditional Love,
Inc. to continue. One hundred percent of proceeds go directly to patient
assistance.