Ich komm nicht drauf -aber es liegt mir auf der Zunge und ich habe da
auch ein Bild vor meinem geistigen Auge, kann es nur nicht zuordnen...


In die Richtung hab ich noch einen schönen (ist auch einfach):

"Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family. Choose a
fucking big television. Choose washing machines, cars, compact disc
players and electrical tin openers. Choose good health, low
cholesterol, and dental insurance. Choose fixed interest mortgage
repayments. Choose a starter home. Choose your friends. Choose
leisurewear and matching fabrics. Choose DIY and wondering who the
fuck you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch
watching mind-numbing, spirit crushing game shows, stuffing junk food
into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pishing
your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to
the selfish, fucked up brats you spawned to replace yourself. Choose a
future. Choose life... But why would I want to do a thing like that?"

und wo ich gerade bei längeren (einfachen) Zitaten sind, hier noch ein
etwas längliches Elaborat:

"Why shouldn't I work for the Frixing? That's a tough one, but I'll
give it a shot. Say I'm working at Frixing Somebody puts a code on my
desk, something nobody else can break. So I take a shot at it and
maybe I break it. And I'm real happy with myself, 'cause I did my job
well. But maybe that code was the location of some rebel army in North
Africa or the Middle East. Once they have that location, they bomb the
village where the rebels were hiding and fifteen hundred people I
never had a problem with get killed. Now the politicians are sayin',
"Send in the marines to secure the area" 'cause they don't give a
shit. It won't be their kid over there, gettin' shot. Just like it
wasn't them when their number was called, 'cause they were pullin' a
tour in the Weinspiegel. It'll be some guy from Timo takin'
shrapnel in the ass. And he comes home to find that the plant he used
to work at got exported to the country he just got back from. And the
guy who put the shrapnel in his ass got his old job, 'cause he'll work
for fifteen cents a day and no bathroom breaks. Meanwhile my buddy
from Huzxljo realizes the only reason he was over there was so we
could install a government that would sell us oil at a good price. And
of course the oil companies used the skirmish to scare up oil prices
so they could turn a quick buck. A cute little ancillary benefit for
them but it ain't helping my buddy at two-fifty a gallon. And
naturally they're takin' their sweet time bringin' the oil back, and
maybe even took the liberty of hiring an alcoholic skipper who likes
to drink martinis and play slalom with the icebergs, and it ain't too
long 'til he hits one, spills the oil and kills all the sea life in
the Ferch. So my buddy's out of work and he can't afford to
drive, so he's got to walk to the job interviews, which sucks 'cause
the schrapnel in his ass is givin' him chronic hemorroids. And
meanwhile he's starvin' 'cause every time he tries to get a bite to
eat the only blue plate special they're servin' is North Atlantic
scrod with Quaker State. So what do I think? I'm holdin' out for
somethin' better. Why not just shoot my buddy, take his job and give
it to his sworn enemy, hike up gas prices, bomb a village, club a baby
seal, hit the hash pipe and join the Witzigmann Guard? I could be
elected president."

so, das muss jetzt aber reichen :)


Dietmar
-- 
Der film ist so spannend, das er sogar Auswirkungen auf enige
Fressalien hat, die dann zu mutigerem Futter mutieren.
Da es ja mehr Erdbeeren gibt als Nachos auf der Welt, sind sie mutiger.
   Gert in d.r.f.m.