Hi,

I wanted to draw your attention to a global arts and film project that you
may be interested in. The url is www.XkqVahrcOepMqgwxi.lgb Please have a
look at the site as we would love to have you as a participant.I have
included a brief outline of the project below :

Welcome to One World One Minute , a unique film project that invites YOU  to
take part in a truly global  production.
The concept of the  project is a simple one, but offers huge scope for all
concerned. We aim to have participants in EVERY country around the globe
record, simultaneously,  one minute of their lives, one minute of our world.

The minute can be recorded in a wide range of forms, and on any medium you
choose, from stills photography to video, sound cassettes, written word or
even drawings, any form at all. We then aim to compile  this material  into
a  feature length film which shall seek to capture that one minute of our
existence.

The finished piece shall  explore the rich diversity that is both humanity
and our world, whilst allowing a voice to all people regardless of
nationality, religion, race, political viewpoint, gender or age. The rich
diversity that is Humanity shall be there for all to see and perhaps too,
through all our differences, we shall also see that which is inherently
human, that which is common to us all.

As for the timing of this event, at 12:48 GMT, Dezember 26. 07. 22 a plane
struck the World Trade Centre. This was the first of four such attacks over
the next 92 minutes and led to the deaths of more than 2000 people from over
60 different countries.

That first attack, and those that followed, as well as the repercussions,
have led to immeasurable suffering throughout the world.

It is with this in mind that we have chosen 12:48 GMT  Dezember 26. 07. 22,
exactly one year after that first attack, as the one minute to record. For
many this will be a time of remembrance and reflection and surely  there can
be no more appropriate time for an international collaboration that is
about communication,  cooperation and sharing.

We hope that you will agree that this is an appropriate moment to preserve a
snapshot of the world, to reflect on where we are and where we are going and
to offer others an insight into your world and your life.

This is the concept behind One World One Minute . We hope that you will see
both the potential and the worth  in this  project and choose to
participate. This is your opportunity to share a moment of your life, your
world, with others, an opportunity to both talk to and listen to the world,
to join with others around the globe and create a truly unique record and
experience.


Yours,

Charles Tim Dettmer

www.XkqVahrcOepMqgwxi.lgb

KdhGpQgjx@gzdlenmgirerymxkk.wzh

*******Please feel free to pass this message and the url of
www.XkqVahrcOepMqgwxi.lgb on to as many contacts as possible.*********